
[00:00] you 
[00:30] you 
[01:00] you 
[01:30] you 
[02:00] you 
[02:30] you 
[03:00] you 
[03:30] you 
[04:00] you 
[04:30] you 
[05:00] you 
[05:30] you 
[06:00] you 
[06:30] you 
[07:00] you Good evening. Welcome to the regular step meeting with the Mayor and City Council of the City of College Park. I'm Mayor Bianca Motley-Groom. We have the whole board present with Council Members McKenzie, Carr, Arnold, and Gay. So on Tuesday, 2 p.m. I'm calling in to order our first item of the budget meeting. 
[07:31] This meeting is to define the United States of America as a republic of the United States, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Everybody's happy with this? Do you want to take this meeting? This meeting is to define the United States of America as a republic of the United States, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
[08:12] Good evening City Council. Let us pray. Oh Holy Father, we give you glory for another day that you have blessed us as representatives of your kingdom. Thank you for College Park and for creating us and making us in your image to exist in a community of diverse citizens. 
[08:48] Help this city to be known as a righteous city, a city of peace and of hope that welcomes strangers and cares for the needy. Help them form leaders on Mayor, City Council, City Manager, Department Heads, and Staff. Please strengthen this governing body and endow them with wisdom and grace as they make decisions concerning the City of College Park. Keep their hearts pure and their eyes turned towards your face as they work in the best interest of the people that they are called to serve. 
[09:25] Anoint them with your Holy Spirit and speak to them in the quiet moments as well as in times of chaos. Soften their hearts and make them true servant leaders. Let them know deep in their souls that only with and through you is victory won. And only through your power is our city made whole. In the name of Jesus we pray. Amen. 
[10:00] Congratulations to the managers, mayor and council, the wonderful citizens of College Park. I'm here to read the civility pledge. The way we govern ourselves is often as important as the positions we take. Our decisions will be better when different deans have had the opportunity to be fully vetted and considered. All people have the right to be treated with respect, courtesy, and openness. We value all input. We commit to conduct ourselves at all times with civility and courtesy to each other. 
[10:35] Thank you. Good evening, mayor, mayoral pro tem, council members, chief, new city manager, citizen, visitor. I would like to say a brief statement with you in the event of a fire or emergency. Please remain calm and proceed to the nearest exit. There is a trigger mark throughout the building, two at the front and two at the rear. Please follow the direction of College Park staff to designated assembly areas. 
[11:07] Once outside, please remain at the assembly point until further instructions are given by city personnel. If you notice smoke or fire during the meeting, please alert staff immediately and follow evacuation procedures. Thank you for your attention. Thank you, chief. Next item, changes, deletions, amendments, or changes to the agenda. City manager? 
[11:37] There is smoke. Okay. Does Madam Mayor's staff request removal of agenda item 9C, which is the request to replace the CICC kitchen exhaust fans? 
[12:08] As well as removing agenda item 6, the proclamation for the southerner online journalist? As well as an update to the item 10D, which is the map attached to the resolution expanding the redevelopment area of the city? 
[12:52] Staff was provided with an updated map today. And at the approval of the city manager and Madam Mayor, I can distribute to the governing body. So how should the public be made aware of this change? No, Madam Mayor. It was late this afternoon. I was given this updated map. 
[13:25] Yes, sir. We said we're making changes to change the redevelopment map. And we posted those in our agenda. And now we're changing that map. And I'm assuming there's a couple of parcels either added or deleted. 
[13:58] And we're going to put it up on the screen and expect the public to have an ability to understand that. I mean, I don't understand how people would even weigh in on that if they wanted to speak about it in public comment. I don't want to say that there are no additions. But it is a slight addition. I mean, there's a lot of things that need to be raised about the redevelopment area. 
[14:28] But I don't know if it's a slight addition. Mr. Denmark, is this, I mean, are we going to put this in issue in regard to, I mean, is it necessary to do this tonight? Or are we, I'm kind of concerned about not providing the public adequate opportunity for this. 
[14:59] Because this is a change to the redevelopment area that this body has for. So, I'm looking for your suggestions on that. You know, the concern arises when we add it to the agenda. And, of course, I have no interest in this. And we're not really adding it. To the agenda at this point is what? It's all we're going to do. We're going to interpret it. 
[15:29] It's all we're going to do. Yes, sir. And it's only going to get stupid. And that in and of itself is stupid. It's stupid. Yes, sir. I agree with that. It's not ideal. It doesn't put you in a position to sort of identify it. It's not the issue of the agenda. It's not the issue of the agenda. It's maybe. But it's not ideal. But it definitely could be a concern. I think, possibly. 
[16:02] All right. Okay. We both know you could share those changes. So, at least we know what we're doing. Yes, Madam Mayor. Would you also like we have a number of staff make comments? Of staff? To the public? Absolutely. Yes, ma'am. And if there's any way possible that we can get it online. Yes, ma'am. All right. All right. 
[16:45] Thank you, Madam Mayor. Any other additions, additions, amendments or changes to the agenda? Any additions? I think it's a very thoughtful point that you make there, Madam Mayor. 
[17:20] This is more important than the state changes. I agree with that. I agree with that. It should be a mainstream report. It should be a provincial report. I don't know where you are. C-A-T-E. I wonder if that's the way to do it. 
[17:50] The mainstream, called mainstream association? C-A-T-E? Yes. Yes, ma'am. We could do C-A, but you know, that's a new thing. We can all start out and have a presentation by representative. That's what we'll do. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Please repeat that. Yes. A presentation by representative. 
[18:20] Yes. All right. 
[18:53] Thank you. We'll ask for a motion to change. Yes, Madam Mayor. And 9-J, we can move to regular business, 10-E. Any further additions, deletions, amendments, or changes? No, that's just consent amendments. There may be member approval. That also can be part of regular business. 
[19:27] Any additional amendments or changes? No, that's just consent amendments. No, that's just consent amendments. There may be member approval. That also can be part of regular business. Any additional additions, deletions, amendments, or changes to the agenda? Hearing none, is there a motion? All right. 
[19:58] All right. Motion died for lack of a second. Okay, so nothing has changed, are there any additional motions? I don't like the motion. I would like to make a motion. Okay, we can do it next time. 
[20:31] Okay. Alright, Council Member Arnold? I think out of respect to the individuals that you're writing to, I would like to make a motion to do that item. I would like to make a motion to do that item. Alright, if you made a motion to that, that would be 6C. Okay, unless we were to put the association code up and also we have our state representative that's here to do the presentation. 
[21:04] Okay. Alright, 6A. Alright. I would like to make a motion to do that item. Okay. Wait, hold on, hold on. Council Member Riley is making a motion. What is your motion, Council Member Arnold? 
[21:35] So I have two motions. One is for us to be able to recognize the individuals that are here in the chamber, called National Orchids Association, or buses, take a photo, to add that to the chamber. Alright. Also, and that's my first motion. Okay, so that's the end of your first motion. Okay. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Carter. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. 
[22:05] All those in favor? Aye. That is unanimous. Okay. Our second motion is to add representative Stonehill to the meeting so that she can be covered in presentation. Okay. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Carter. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. That is unanimous. Alright. Any other motions? Okay. 
[22:38] That is actually 4-A, Council Member. No, 4-A has not been removed. They're going to be discussed on 4-A. So, remove 6-B to the next meeting. Alright. Is that a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Carter. Any discussion? 
[23:08] Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. That is unanimous. Alright. Any additional additions, deletions, amendments, or changes? Moving on to item 4-C. The Main Street Port, Lorenzo White. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Arnold. 
[23:38] Is there any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. That is unanimous. Any additional additions, deletions, amendments, or changes to this item? The change to item 2-B. All right. Is there a motion? Motion. Thank you, Council Member Parne. Is there a second? Second. 
[24:08] Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. All right. That is unanimous. Any additional additions, deletions, amendments, or changes to this agenda? All right. So the consent agenda, any member of the body can request an item be moved off the consent agenda. So I'm requesting that item 9-J be removed to a regular business agenda. 
[24:42] There is not a city attorney. I'm waiting on the city attorney to weigh in to see if we need a bid on that. So I'm sorry. Do you want us to hear from Georgia Law in order to put that on the consent agenda? I'm sorry. I did not make a motion. No, sir. I did not make a motion. No, sir. No, sir. I did not make a motion. No, sir. 
[25:12] And any member of the body can remove that without question. 9-J goes to 10-B. Any member of the body? Any additional additions, deletions, amendments, or changes to the agenda? Hearing none, we'll move forward. Is there a motion to approve the agenda? So moved. 
[25:42] Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Cohn. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. Aye. That is unanimous. Item 4A, consideration of a national request accruing additional steering committee appointments for the Comprehensive Plans Act. This request is by Dr. Hershey, Economic Development Program Manager. 
[26:15] Mr. Hershey, I don't know that everybody is aware of the appointments. Do you know? I don't. Good evening, Council. Mayor. City Manager. City Attorney. City Clerk. Tonight is for additional appointees from our last Council meeting. Additional appointees by and large would be Brian DeRose from Ward 3, Sydney. 
[26:47] I don't know if I pronounced this. You said? Ms. Donnie and Constance Rodriguez, and then from Ward 4, Sallisa Jefferson, Angie Warrior, William Wallace, and Sarah Lowe. Those would be the additional appointees that we are requesting. Okay. Thank you. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Cain. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Cohn. Any discussion? Yes. 
[27:17] Okay. Thank you. Madam Mayor, may I go ahead and read the names? You should, since I have a list. At large, Brian DeRose. Ward 3, Sydney Deuce. Downs. Downs. Apologies. Ms. Donnie. Constance Rodriguez. Ward 4, Sallisa Jefferson. Angie Warrior. William Wallace. And Sarah Lowe. 
[27:49] Thank you. So Ward 3, the names are, there's a confusion here. Angie Deuce. Okay. Right. We have Mercedes Bell. That doesn't sound right to me. We got it wrong. Right. We have Becky Wiley and Constance Rodriguez. 
[28:20] It's confusing. Yeah, it's not like Mercedes is the new name. So I'll, we make that addition and not add to that. We did add Becky from last year. I have a question. Okay. I'm confused. The steering committee members, you ask for people's awards, but I'm hearing names that are not in Ward 4. So are you saying that anybody, because two people in Ward 4 actually didn't work hard. So are we supposed to select people from our ward? 
[28:52] Or are we supposed to select anybody from the city? Because I was not aware of that at the time of selection. I understand. I selected people from the city. I understand. The selection from, you select the official, that you feel best represents to be on the steering committee, but it's not specific to Ward 4. I wish we had clarification. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I wish we had clarification at that time, 
[29:22] because then I know and have been aware that it could be the entire city that would change my ability to select. So I wouldn't, I'm really not pleased with that at this point. Council Member Gordon? Yes, ma'am. I was in Ward 4. You were in Ward 4? Yes, ma'am. I was in Ward 4. Ward 4? Yes, ma'am. I was in Ward 4. Sure, that's right. 
[29:52] Yes, ma'am. You were in Ward 4? Yes, ma'am. Because now you have several, you have three seats. and probably 10 people, six to eight people from one ward. And it's just how do we represent, how do we get a selection in the steering committee to represent the city if more than half of that committee is called from one particular part of the city? So I do not feel that it's fair at this point. 
[30:22] And I'm really requesting that we revisit this. Hold on, hold on, hold on, let me just, let me make sure that, all right, Councilor McCartney, Councilor McCartney. Yeah, I would agree, I would agree with all of this. I think there's a very, I wasn't aware of that. It was a combination of that. It's supposed to be the majority of the votes coming from one ward. It's not gonna be a combination of those votes. 
[30:54] It's gonna be one of the total votes and the majority of the votes. I think that's the other way to look at it. I don't know, I don't think that's the solution. I mean, I don't think that's the top of the table for this point. So I'm sorry, point of clarification. So the communication that we receive in email specifically says that we were supposed 
[31:26] to select the divisions by ward, which is what we did, and it's not happening. But now we're hearing something different. The people that I provided were from Ward 3. It's right here in black and white. She sent it to us on March 16th at 10.33 a.m. and asked us to select as it reads from our particular wards, and that's even live. 
[31:58] It was on the record. And it's been in there. That's what I thought I would know, actually. We've discovered that, yeah, maybe this is the type of work we're using. Maybe we're all over the city, so we don't get it all. And it didn't start that way. Look, our way, me and my whole team have done that pressure as opposed to your way, 
[32:29] which was on their CVs and personal letters, Business Official Elections, Senior Guidance, those aeroecological programs, and so on and so forth. And this is why having a procedure, cleared me, and put me back where I belong. And I'd like to say that as much as I am the Ward One leader, and as much as I would love to have nine people from Ward One on a committee of 15, 
[33:01] I think it's unfair to the rest of the city, and therefore I'd like to make a motion that we adhere to the policy to select only persons for the four council members, and that only persons that are from our wards, and that the mayoral appointments will be selected one from each ward. This way we end up with the same amount of people from every ward representing this county. 
[33:32] This is about the future of our city. And it's important that we have balance. So my motion is that all members, that each council member can select only from their own ward, and the mayor's appointments need to be from one from each ward of the city. Is there a second? I second. Second. So we eliminate business owners that don't live in the city? 
[34:02] This is a comprehensive plan. There's several businesses in the area, and I'm gonna go with this. So my point is in your top list. All right, any further discussion? Council Member Gaines? Wait, hold on. Discussion just on that motion. Because I've also got the principal of Promise Brewery to do doctorate, but y'all want it. 
[34:35] Okay. Okay. No relation. Mr. Council Member Gagne, I think there are other people hearing you through the microphone. All right. 
[35:05] H-E-E-E-R-T-O. H-E-E-E-R-T-O. William Wallace. Okay. All right, that's discussion. We're still in discussion. So you're good? There's no principal? 
[35:36] Okay. I'm representing you in your top list. Okay, good. And Olivia? That's what we're saying now. It says, point of clarification, it should be three representatives from your board. 
[36:08] Doesn't say whether or not they are residents, if they're business owners, but they have to be from your board. And that's what's changing right now. Unless you have a business owner who lives in your board. So if you have business owners that live in our board, you can feel like you're reaching out to business owners. I think it's important to note that sometimes 
[36:38] your board can be involved in our community. You don't necessarily have to, I don't know, take the seat of the board, but we do give ourselves this opportunity to be a part of our community. And that's what we're doing, is that right? Yes. That's what we're doing, is that right? Simply, we were given a chance to select persons from our board. Now, if the economic development team decides that they would like to bring in persons from outside of the city of Charlottesville, 
[37:10] they can do so. But we were given a chance, and I believe that when we're given a chance, we should show that we don't have the following instructions. And so, we were given a chance to investigate the economic development committee that is pleased to do this, decide that they would like to recruit persons from outside of the city of Towers Park that have a vested interest, and I think that they should have the ability to do so. But we are simply discussing this evening 
[37:40] what we were asked to do, and show that we don't have the following instructions. So, we encourage discussion. Is it all right? I'm ashamed to say it, but I think he should have been here before the meeting. And the distinguished answer is, yes, he doesn't have it yet. It is so hard that we have to carry out here, 
[38:10] at the meeting. So our duty is to carry out this instruction. We have to make the button appear on this. Thank you. What was the motion that was? The motion? The motion? The motion? Okay, thank you. Madam, Madam Mayor, I think you made it. The motion was to adhere to only persons in their ward, in council ward. 
[38:41] And for the mayor's appointments, would be one for each council ward. So that does not seem right. Madam, Madam Mayor, I wonder how you refer to yourself. It seems to me that you said what you were. You were said on residence. The motion is to adhere to only persons. Madam Mayor, can you speak up just a little bit? Sorry, let me get back. The motion to adhere to only persons 
[39:13] in their council wards. For the mayor, your appointments are only one from each ward. Did I have that? No, no, correctly. Councilor McKendry? Yes, and I meant residence. Of residence? Yes. In your ward, and the mayor will select a resident from each ward of the city. One from each ward of the city. 
[39:44] Thank you, Madam Mayor. Councilor McLaren? Madam Mayor, yes. Yes, I do. You second? No, no. I second. Okay, I second. Thank you. I will speak to Mr. O'Groatsky on that. Any further discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? 
[40:15] Aye. Okay, so that is unanimous. And now we're back on the vote for the appointees. So, let's review again. I'm going to have to submit additional appointees. I have a resident of Ward 1 and I have a resident of Ward 4. I have a two-year-old and I have a two-year-old. Additional appointees. I have a resident of Ward 1 and I have a resident of Ward 4. 
[40:47] I have two stakeholders. I have one stakeholder in Ward 2. Excuse me, I'm going to re-list. And a stakeholder in Ward 1 with a sitting wife on it. That one's still active. I'm going to move those two. I'll give that to you. Okay. But let's revisit what that looks like now. 
[41:18] Okay. I'm just curious. I can't confirm that I have someone on the line. Can you argue when you work with new standards? Of course. Okay. So, everyone in Ward 4 and Custodian gave Ward 4. Will everyone now meet those new standards? 
[41:50] So, Dr. Chattanooga. I'm going to re-list. Excuse me. She's still in the resident. She's still in the resident. She's still in remote. She's in remote. And then her. We're not related. Okay. Dr. Chattanooga. So, I will follow up. I will follow up with Ward 4 and Custodian. Okay. So, I think there were additional Ward 3 appointees, correct? 
[42:20] Yes. So, we need to vote on those Ward 3 appointees. Okay. So, we'll hold off on my appointees and your appointees to double check and count to the birthday. Okay. So, we're just looking at the Ward 3 appointees. Okay. So, Sidney, you said? Dowse. Dowse. Ms. Johnny. Consular Surgery. Yes. And, sorry. Sidney Dowse. Consular Surgery. Yes. Mercedes and Betsy Warren. 
[42:50] Correct. Ms. Johnny? Ms. Johnny was replaced with Mercedes. Okay. Well, Ms. Johnny was the employer appointed. Ms. Mercedes. Ms. Johnny. Ms. Johnny was Ward 1, right? Yes. So, Ward 1. Noted. Ms. Dowse, ladies and gentlemen, can you make sure that your phones are on silent? Betsy, Sidney, Constance, and Mercedes. Yep. 
[43:20] That's correct. All right. So, those are the appointees that we're voting on? Those are the appointees that are voting on. 
[43:59] Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. Aye. That is unanimous. Item 4C, consideration of the actual request to approve Ward 2 appointment of Lorenzo White to the College Park Main Street Association. Is there a motion? 
[44:29] Motion. Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member McKenzie. All those in favor? Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. Aye. That is unanimous. Item 5A, workshop session minutes dated March 23, 2026. Is there a motion to approve? So moved. Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. 
[44:59] All those in favor? Aye. Aye. That is unanimous. Item 5B, regular inspection minutes dated March 23, 2026. Is there a motion to approve? Motion. Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Hardy. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. Aye. All right, that is unanimous. All right, we've got a question, please, from Representative Stilson, who's in the air in addition to the employees. 
[45:30] All stars, then you've got it. Go ahead, Ms. Stilson. Good evening, Mayor, Council, City Attorneys, the City Manager, City Clerk, friends and family. I am so excited to be here tonight to commend College Park for their 130th 
[46:04] anniversary incorporating the City of College Park. We filed this under House Resolution 2118, so it is now forever in Georgia history. And I'll read a couple of lines. Whereas land encompassed the City of College Park was originally an ancestral home of the Muscogee Creek Nation, whose deep connection to the terrain established a legacy of stewardship that remains a cornerstone of the 
[46:34] community's heritage. And whereas the community reached a historic milestone when it formally incorporated on December 16, 1891, beginning its official journey with pioneering population of approximately 600 residents. And I'm going to say whereas now we've moved to preserving over 850 buildings that reflect the timeless architectural designs here and the character of the 
[47:04] City of College Park. And whereas this 130-year milestone provides an opportunity for all citizens to reflect on the resiliency, diversity, innovation that is the crown of the City of College Park. Now therefore be it resolved by the House of Representatives that the members of this body commemorate the 130th anniversary of the incorporation of the City of College Park and extends not only best wishes but prosperity for its 
[47:35] residents, for the future wealth, happiness, health, and success of the city. And this be it resolved by the House of the Clerk, is authorized, and we have a resolution stating this. And I would love to take a great picture of this great moment. Congratulations. Congratulations. 
[48:22] Thank you. Thank you. To the residents, I just want to let you know our legislative session came to an end on April 2nd. We call sign and die. And we were able to do what was required of us as legislators, which was to pass House Bill 974. That's the state's fiscal budget. So we did get a budget passed. 
[48:53] Also what you might be interested in, we passed House Bill 406, or the Georgia Property Owners Bill of Rights Act. That was something that we heard from the residents and I've worked for over six years on trying to come and align properly these egregious HOAs. We weren't talking to the ones that are good. We're talking to the bad actors. And while Senate Bill 406 doesn't go as far as we would like it, this is just the beginning of many steps to go. 
[49:24] So those that find themselves in battle with the HOA, don't lose hope or heart because we still got you and we're going to continue to work on that. And then House Bill 463, going to the Governor's desk, provides significant tax relief for Georgians. So we reduced the income tax, the individual income tax, from 499 percent to 399 over time. So those are two that, there's a history of those, a long list of bills that we passed, but I'm very proud of the bills that we stopped. 
[49:56] So thank you guys for being at the Capitol. Thank you for... always giving your input and speaking up on behalf of the residents. It's my honor and pleasure to repersonate your issues down at the Georgia, under the Georgia DACA. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. 
[50:29] Good evening, Mayor Croson. If we have any new employees for the month of March, here, if you would please come up and introduce yourselves and tell us the department that you are in. 
[51:02] Good evening. I am the facility manager for the GI system. Oh, sorry. My name is Elliot Hill. 
[51:33] Good evening. Okay. Good evening. 
[52:03] This employee joined the City of College Park in June 2021 and has shown herself to be a great asset to our team. She consistently exemplifies our core values. She demonstrates hospitality through her willingness to support colleagues and ensure that daily operations run smoothly. Her leadership is evident in the high standard she sets for professionalism, accountability, and work ethic. She embodies transparency and professionalism by accurately managing millions of dollars in daily deposits 
[52:35] with exceptional precision and without error. She also fosters harmony by modeling respect, reliability, and teamwork within the department. Though soft-spoken, her actions speak volumes. She is a steady and trusted presence who strengthens the customer service department each day. Please join me in congratulating Ms. Deborah Calloway on this well-deserved award. Thank you. 
[53:31] Good evening. Thank you very much. May I take the floor again, please, Ms. Calloway? 
[54:09] National Merchants Association. Thank you. I'm a woman. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. 
[54:39] Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. 
[55:24] Yes. Yes. 
[55:58] Yes. Yes. 
[56:28] Next item is citizens. First public comment, Grace Lunsford. You can start. Can you start? All right. Hi. I'm Grace Lunsford, Ward 1. 
[56:59] I have come down, especially from my College Park Main Street Association Board experience, where in 2023 we started the conversation about better safety on Main Street. And I have been a supporter of that plan, along with many of my colleagues since then. So I was glad to finally see it come before here, especially for just an OK to move forward. If the resolution needs an amendment for an additional topic study, do it. That's fine. But I will tell you that GDOT is a behemoth. 
[57:30] And when I was trying to get the Park Bill cleared, they never came to a single council meeting, either. Nor did they have to show a study or anything. We removed seven parking spaces to increase public seating in downtown Main Street. So I just really want to encourage this affirmation of safety, because I drive a dually truck. And there are many times when I have just taken up both lanes. And I can continue to do that in the name of safety. 
[58:01] And I will continue to do that in the name of safety if that's the case. But as you said, there are a lot of seniors coming in. You know, we do need to be aware of this. Also, an encouragement of seniors. Evening hours can really be difficult, and we should all have access to have our voice heard. So I encourage you to open up email public comment again. That is something to definitely be thoughtful of. Now, I was only going to speak to that, but then you reminded me of other things. So I would love a safety follow-up. Also, on our silent crossing, where we have had that request. 
[58:34] A resident, not a resident, but a guest to our town. And we've also had another one severely injured. I don't know where we are with that, but it would be great. In August of 2025, we had repavement, repair, and sidewalk schedules being issued. We haven't seen that in a long time. Residents are deeply concerned about sidewalks. We have crosswalks nowhere. And somewhere, we don't have crosswalks. Thank you so much for giving a pedestrian crosswalk attention over on Godfrey. I think that's really important. Also, Washington Road has numerous dead trees. 
[59:06] Please don't make me be a pickle when another tree falls. That would be the third tree to come down. Budgeting needs to be live-streamed. We're coming up on that. I don't know if they're talking or not. I asked for it on the comment on the Facebook. But, again, we'd really like to be a part of it. And we can't if we cannot see it. And also, we see a lot of the same names on committees. So, again, I'm just going to remind you of sortition, which is an awesome idea. It's a democratic idea. 
[59:36] I want you to look it up. But it allows you all are great, and you know a lot of people, but you don't know everybody. And there are a lot of good people who might want to be involved who may not actually want to have you, but want to be involved in the city. So, sortition gives that ability to bring people into it. It could also help bring in more youth into these committees. Thank you. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening to the Mayor and Council. Good evening to the 
[01:00:27] Board of Regulations. And I'll be brief. But I do want to come today and we want to introduce an initiative that citizens, some of our local citizens have initiated. And that is, we're very important to the community, the College Park Neighborhood Watch. This is a citywide initiative built on a single idea and that's just neighbors looking out for each other. It sounds basic, but we realize when people are connected and are paying attention it makes a big difference. We're introducing this program also under the guidance and under 
[01:01:01] the coordination of the College Park Police Department and also the College Park Fire Department who support us and they fully, they support this effort and they want to see this as an extension of their work. This is not separate, it's not a separate entity from them, but we work alongside, we plan to work alongside them. When residents and the first responders are aligned, the community is safer and it is stronger. So let me be clear about a couple of things, what it is and what it's not. What it is, is awareness. 
[01:01:34] It's not confrontation, it's just awareness. When you see something that doesn't look like, that doesn't seem like, just act on it as far as communication and that's what we strive for, better communication amongst neighbors. And of course, never forsake dialing 911 if it's necessary. Now Neighborhood Watch is also a national movement that's been around since 1972 and communities that have an active community watch have better outcomes as far as consistency, lower crime, and simply because people are engaged and are paying attention. 
[01:02:09] But just as important, it builds connections. Neighbors begin to know each other, they begin to communicate, trust each other, and take pride in the community that they live in. And one other thing, it builds unity and of course we need more unity in this community. And that is exactly what we want to build here, a community where people feel connected, informed, and comfortable speaking up when something's just not right. And if you want to learn more, and this is to the citizens of College Park, if you want to learn more, 
[01:02:40] we are having an ice cream social and that is on April 18th at Barrett Park from 3 to 6 p.m. So we want you to bring your family, bring your friends, come out, communicate with each other, connect with the police and the fire department, and learn more about joining us in this initiative of Neighborhood Watch, the whole community of College Park, not just Ward 1, but the entire community. And you can also join our Facebook page, and 
[01:03:10] that is College Park, Georgia, Neighborhood Watch Group, so we can stay connected. So thank you for your time, we look forward to seeing you, we look forward to seeing you back on social and building a better community. Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Carson. Congratulations. You see the mandatory upgrades. Long time 
[01:03:47] coming. Thank God for the city and you, the mayor, for the job. As I'm thinking about that, we haven't been on the same for several times. We both want to get it together and move forward, and I think that's the best thing to do. But a couple things, I read in the last council, Councilman Johnson, he has said, he felt threatened, and Joe had threatened 
[01:04:20] him, and that's all right by him. He was threatened, Councilman Cohen, and they addressed to him, and that didn't go through. So I will put it up, I'm not going to go into a whole bunch of detail, but I know this to be true. Because we do have to move forward, and something has changed. I'm not a coward. And if I had to say it to Joe, Bianca, Janelle, Rachel 
[01:04:52] Holmes, or himself, I can't believe they can't dare to see me as a coward, they're going to hate me. So I just want to put it out. Mayor, you're a tough person. This city sees you tonight. When you come up here, I want to be clear, you've got to be prepared for people to come up here and try to come back and kill you. The way I do it is, I take my 
[01:05:22] time, and try to be positive. Even though I know I can say I'm positive, and that's all right, that's just my opinion. But the relationship, I can be there to attack people, I'm careful, myself, the mayor. Now, when it comes to the community manager, I have to move forward. Mayor, I was here Saturday. I think you may get out of town a certain 
[01:05:54] amount of time later on, but you don't know. But not once did you say congratulations to the city manager, did you? Mayor, two times I've come here, I've said you can't be supportive. I'm not, I can't give you a hundred pounds, so I'm not even going to say that. But I hope that you can support the city manager. And support the constituents that's up there. Because I want to ask you, not only the mayor, what is your vision? What kind of support 
[01:06:27] do you need? You get the money that you have out there, and you go to the schools to pay the bills back. That's your vision. But what are you doing for the city? How are you bringing the citizens together? Is there anything you want to come up with when you don't like something? You go to Dr. Robert. You know, some of y'all moving money again. Does he support something that you want? You don't like something that you don't want? You look up to him. And they're 
[01:07:03] going to tell you, they're going to get you a lot of money, but you're not going to say it. You can't go out there and you demand the bill. And the school bill file sent to you, and all of the rest of the money you're spending, but you're not going to know when the state doesn't support something you want, and all of your constituents stand in the face. But thank you very much. No, I'm sorry. I've got six minutes. Yes, the next speaker is Maria Willis. So, thank you. So, going on forever. I'm sorry. Within that time, I see you can survive 
[01:07:42] and it's not a great thing. He was willing to support something you wanted, but nobody said anything. Wayne County attorney was going back and forth with y'all, said, don't push me with demand, going back and forth, even though a lot of time, he was right. You sued the city, you lost. It's not a great feeling. But you continue. I have a comment on the 
[01:08:12] DMA, which is a good thing. I mean, I would like to have a conversation with you, with this, with folks. I think you've got one thing that's very hard to ask for. I don't care. If you talk about DMA, I don't know if that's a thing. A lot of decisions, whether you promote the state of Colorado, a lot of folks vote for it. You talk about black business, it's just not happening. You've got to start seeing it again. When we had our first election on 
[01:08:46] June 11th, we had that change. Me, you, that's what it took for you. When they go and announce who you represent to you, you say, oh no, I don't want to be representing the first governor anymore, with the first woman. That's what you said. But then after that went on. Now you're talking about this. So, I'm saying, she was there, so I'm going to ask you again. 
[01:09:16] Are you going to get me off the floor? You said it. It took time to say, do you want to talk, and when you do, you can cancel on the candidate. But I expect this from you when you leave here, at least for a while, over a year later. Get out. I'm joking. You're young. You were ready. You could go and do this for a year, two more years, divide the celebration, but you can go back and do this for two more years. So, please, stop talking 
[01:09:48] about this. But please go to the city, and help the citizens. I'm still up ahead here. I'm just trying to find things. Go on again. I don't want you to sit in there again until you say you support me. I don't want you to sit in there again. I don't need to attack you, I don't want to attack you. I just want to move forward. Please, let's move forward together. 
[01:10:20] Work with the city manager, work with your council. Council, please work with her also. Please. The kind of thing that we all of you are. It's better for you, the citizens, it's better for you, employees. So, that's what I tell you. I urge you, I urge you. Not to sit in there again. Not to sit in there again. The day you're going to get me is a long time. Okay. Thank you very much. Anita? 
[01:10:57] Idea Willis? Julie McGuirk? She's right there. Elizabeth Lester? 
[01:11:30] Good evening. All right. So, I have two points to speak to tonight. One is I think it's important, and a good reminder, the Embarcadero playground was paid for by the city. Not sure how that happened, but it's pretty clear through the contract. The city paid for a playground on the private property, and the private property is paid. So, I would suggest the city take a look at whether or not that was a 
[01:12:00] violation of the gratuitous clause. Also, it seems like city resources were used for that. I remember correctly, two times ago, city manager, the then city manager said that city employees were doing site preparation. I believe there's photos and other information. Last time I checked, the city's not supposed to be doing anything on private property unless it's for the greater public benefit. And if the property is being accessible to the broader community, 
[01:12:32] that would not be for the greater public benefit. The second issue I'd like to speak to tonight is the effort at $200,000 to contract a piggyback contract for Pinnacle. Not sure why we would award $200,000 for what appears to be non-speaking services without actually doing that through an RFP process. Appears to be a violation of procurement policy, and seems to be bypassing the proper processes. I think the city needs to do things the right way. 
[01:13:05] Continually don't do things the right way. And finally, on another note, I would appreciate it if Councilwoman McKenzie would quit telling people that I am a white supremacist. Yes, I know you said that. So, on that lovely note, thank you. Thank you. 
[01:13:42] Eugene Turner. Good afternoon, Mayor and Council. My name is Eugene Turner. I'd like to first thank you all, as the president of the Youth Civic Advisory Board, for giving us $20,000 each, so a total of $100,000, and an improvement of $6,000 for our event that had passed last, 
[01:14:12] like about last Sunday, the 29th. I want to thank you all for that. I know that you, as the host of the event, were very pleased to be the host of this event and partake in helping out the community. I want to thank you all just for supporting us on our journey. I know I won't be around as much in the following years after I'm going off to college, but I'm pleased to ask that you do continue to invest in youth and help them out whenever they need it, as well as the current group we have in the newcomers. As well, I'd like to just make an announcement. 
[01:14:43] As the mayor of the Youth Council, I'd like to just inform the citizens and you all that we will be coming back to you all for an event that we would like to host at the end of May, for basically like the field day, end of the school year, graduation type event for the Youth and Cause Park. So, I'd like to just thank you all for what you've done for us as Youth Council, and the Devisey Board for supporting youth in our journey as well. And that's it for me. Thank you. Thank you. 
[01:15:20] Louis Okun? Louis Okun. Good evening, Mayor and Council. City Manager, congratulations to the Attorney and City Clerk. 
[01:15:52] I'm also up here for a Helping Hands holiday dinner, and really just came today to say thank you. We have another great event. You know, the City of College Park is the City of Hospitality, and what you guys do for the community, we reach thousands of kids, make the holidays for them, and give them a special board member throughout the year. I want to shout out the Councilman Clarence for championing us, and also for Giannis at the GICC. 
[01:16:27] When you say hospitality, they embody hospitality. What happens over there for the families of College Park and our community are truly, truly amazing, the day that they have, that they will remember for the rest of the year, and their lives. So, we can't thank you. The partnership with you guys has been great. The ability to help more people in a world-class facility is just truly amazing, and we really, really love the opportunity, 
[01:16:57] and we hope we'll have a long, long partnership with you guys for years to come so we can continue to do the work that we do to represent our families in this community and the community at large. We really, truly thank you. I'd like to welcome you to our holiday dinner, it's number 25, which means it's in the city of College Park. We generalize that we just touched thousands of hearts. 
[01:17:29] We are grateful for your partnership, and we hope we can continue our work together in the years to come. With gratitude, Dr. Gilles, and we wish you a very happy holiday. Again, thank you guys so much. God bless everyone. Thank you. 
[01:18:00] Thank you so much. Mother Mary, that is the last public comment that I'll have in our time frame. Eighteen minutes and seven seconds. All right, anyone in the audience that wishes to speak, if you do not object, you may disconnect. So come this way. 
[01:18:41] Good evening, everyone. I'd like to invite the city of College Park to our annual first, it's not first annual, but it's grammatically incorrect, but our first Spring Mingle, which we held April 11th and 12th noon in collaboration with One Ward One. We will be right in front of the Richardson Auditorium, and what we'll be doing is we're excited to invite everyone as we recognize the 1969 class of Eva Thomas. 
[01:19:15] They were the state basketball champions. The College Park Historical Society is going to be giving them class rings that represent the state championship. I don't know if you know the story yet, but we found out through a great video that was done by the Anna Arch History Center. They were Eva Thomas' high school here in College Park in 1969, and the students were, they protested, and the school was closed subsequently after that in 1970. 
[01:19:48] So the young men who were on the basketball team that year actually won the state championship for their region, but they were never recognized on court in a very public way because of this problem. to the integration that happened that year and the school was to be closed. And right now that school is College Park Elementary School. It was changed into that school. So we, in collaboration with One Ward One, the College Park Historical Society, 
[01:20:18] we're going to recognize these gentlemen. Six of them are still alive of the team of 14, and so we'll be recognizing them, and we invite the city to come out and join us as we celebrate their momentous achievement. Not only our theme for this is Watch a Champion, Always a Champion. Not only were they champions on the court, they were champions off the court with the protests and things that they did to help their community. So we'd love to have you there. 
[01:20:49] Thank you. Thank you. April 11th at 12 noon. On the lawn. On the lawn. Anyone else wish to speak? All right. So we will move forward. I have a request to set a public hearing to amend Appendix A, Zoning, Article I, Basic Provisions, 
[01:21:21] and Article III, Zoning, District, and 10, to use these new standards for short terminals and public land housing on April 20th, 2026. Is there a motion? Thank you, Council Member Cortes. I second. Hearing none. The motion passes. Okay. All right. Thank you, Council Member McKenzie. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move forward to a vote. All those in favor? 
[01:21:52] Okay. Any opposed? All right. Okay. So that motion passes with Council Member McKenzie, Cortes, Arnold. In favor? Council Member Gaye opposed. Request to set a public hearing to amend Appendix A, Zoning, Article II, Boards and Commissions, Section 12.14, Establishment of Appeals Process for Variances, Article 20, 2026. 
[01:22:23] Is there a motion? Thank you, Council Member Cortes. I second. Thank you, Council Member McKenzie. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Okay. Thank you. Item 18, Public Hearing, First Reading of the Coordinates to Amend Section 4-7-R, City Title Relating to the Contracting and Purchasing Authority of the City Manager. 
[01:23:00] Are you going to read it? Yes, Madam Mayor. I'm sorry. I'm going to read that. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Excuse me. 
[01:23:32] An ordinance by the Mayor and Council of the City of College Park, Georgia, to amend Section 4-7, powers duties within Article IV, City Manager of the City Charter, to provide for severability to provide an effective fee and other lawful purposes, whereas the City of College Park, Georgia City is a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Georgia, and whereas the duly elected governing authority of the City is the Mayor 
[01:24:02] and Council thereof, and whereas the governing body of the City is authorized to exercise commonwealth powers pursuant to Article IX, Section 2, Paragraph 1 of the Constitution of the United States of Georgia, and I will turn it along, and whereas Section 4-7I of the City Charter currently limits the City Manager's authority to make and execute contracts, purchases, and obligations without prior approval of the Mayor and Council to those not exceeding 
[01:24:33] $10,000, and whereas the City Council has determined that maintaining a fixed dollar threshold in the City Charter is administratively inefficient and requires repeated Charter amendments to address changing operational and economic conditions, and whereas removing the fixed dollar threshold from Section 4-7I of the City Charter will allow contracting and purchasing limitations to be established and adjusted through the City's purchasing policy or by ordinance or resolution of the Mayor and Council as appropriate while preserving existing budgetary 
[01:25:04] controls and ensuring continued legislative oversight of City operations, and whereas the synopsis of this ordinance shall be advertised once per week for three weeks within 60 days in proceeding with the final adoption of this ordinance in accordance with Section 36-35-3B1 in the Official Code of Georgia in the Newspaper of General Circulation on March 18th, March 25th, and April 1st, and whereas the notice of the adoption of this ordinance provides that a copy of the proposed ordinance shall be available for inspection of the office 
[01:25:36] of the City Clerk of the Office of College Park City Clerk in the Office of both the Clayton County Superior Court and the Fulton County Superior Court in accordance with Section 36-35-3B1 in the Official Code of Georgia, and a copy of the proposed ordinance shall be placed in said locations, and whereas this ordinance shall be considered at two consecutive public meetings no less than seven and no more than 60 days apart in accordance with Section 36-35-3B1 in the Official Code of Georgia with public meetings held on April 
[01:26:11] 6th and April 20th, 2026, and whereas the amendments contained herein will benefit the health, safety, morale, and welfare decisions of the City, now therefore be it ordained by this Mayor and the Council of the City of College Park, Georgia, pursuant to their own dual authority as follows. Section 1, Section 4-7, Powers, Duties, within Article 4, City Manager of the City's Charter is hereby amended Permanent Addition in Bold Font and 
[01:26:42] Permanent Deletion in Straight Through Font to be read and quantified as Step 14, so that a, attached hereto and incorporated herein, Section 2, the preamble of this ordinance shall be considered to be and is hereby incorporated by reference as in fully set out herein, Section 3, this ordinance shall be codified in a manner consistent with the laws of the State of Georgia and the City, Section 4, it is hereby declared to be the intention of the Mayor and Council that all sections, paragraphs, sentences, clauses, and phrases of this ordinance are or were upon their enactment believed that the Mayor and Council be fully valid, 
[01:27:13] enforceable, and constitutional, b, it is hereby declared to be the intention of the Mayor and Council that to the greatest extent allowed by law, each and every section, paragraph, sentence, clause, or phrase of this ordinance is severable from every other section, paragraph, sentence, clause, or phrase of this ordinance, it is hereby further declared to be the intention of the Mayor and Council that to the greatest extent allowed by law, no section, paragraph, sentence, clause, or phrase of this ordinance shall be fully dependent upon any other section, paragraph, sentence, clause, or phrase of this ordinance, c, in the event any phrase, 
[01:27:48] clause, sentence, paragraph, or section of this ordinance shall for any reason whatsoever be declared invalid, unconstitutional, or otherwise unenforceable by the valid judgment or decree of any court or competent jurisdiction, it is the expressing intent of the Mayor and Council that such validity, unconstitutionality, or unenforceability shall to the greatest extent allowed by law not render invalid, unconstitutional, or otherwise unenforceable 
[01:28:18] any of the remaining phrases, clauses, sentences, paragraphs, or sections of the ordinance and that to the greatest extent allowed by law, all remaining phrases, clauses, sentences, paragraphs, or sentences, sections of the ordinance shall remain valid, constitutional, enforceable, and of full force and effect. Section 5, all ordinances and parts of the ordinance and conflicts herewith are hereby expressly repealed. Section 6, the City Courts authorized to make such clerical formatting corrections as may be necessary to implement 
[01:28:49] this ordinance, provided that no corrections shall result in a substantive change to the charter. Section 7, the effective date of this ordinance shall be the date of adoption unless otherwise stated. So, ordain this day in 2026. Thank you, Madam Clerk. At this time, I will declare the public hearing open. If anyone wishes to speak on this charter amendment, they can do so at this time. 
[01:29:30] I would like to speak on this as we are fully required. I'm Grace Lunsford, a resident of College Park. Some of you came in for the charter review, which is also going on simultaneously as we are making these amendments. I don't fully understand why this isn't incorporated into all of that. 
[01:30:00] we are making bigger changes. But we are also welcoming to a really dark time, potentially, economically. We have a lot of debt. We have to be very transparent with all of our spending. And I know that that has not always been the case these last two years. So I just wanted to raise those concerns because they are concerns that I have heard from other citizens in the short time that this has gone on. So, thank you. 
[01:30:30] Thank you. We will now suspend the report at this time for public hearing on 24-7 on May 22nd. Seeing none others, I will declare public hearing closed. Thank you. 
[01:31:06] I will now first consider the agenda item. Consideration of an actual request to approve the Price Barbershop and Duplex Remediation subcontractors move to Environmental and Outwards Technical. The primary subcontractor, Stantec, for us to assist maintenance professional services. This is subject to an amendment to the recent Stantec. This item is being reported by Economic Development Program Manager, Matisse Garcia. The total cost is $65,000. This is a budgeted item. 
[01:31:36] Funds deal, account 221-325-0547658, federal grants. This item is located in Ward 1. 9B is a consideration of an actual request to approve the replacement of playground equipment at Settler Park by Kibun to the west of the city. The removal is a budgeted item. Do not account 100-1154-7183, Ward 3 Community Enhancement Capital at the cost of no more than $50,000. This item is sponsored by Council Administration Partners. 
[01:32:08] Item 19, consideration of an actual request to replace the GICC kitchen exhaust fans. I'm sorry, it was the one that made that motion. It was the motion that put Settler Park on the agenda. If that is correct, it was an initial discussion, 
[01:32:44] which did not, that did not get passed. It was a vote on the motion to approve it. Since it's been presented, I'm going to go ahead and move it to the agenda. Continue, Madam Chair. To replace the GICC kitchen exhaust fan at the cost of $23,425, this is necessary to ensure compliance 
[01:33:14] with fire and safety codes. This is also necessary to ensure uninterrupted service to clients and maintain uninterrupted operations. This item is supported by Executive Director Donna Spaulding. This is a budgeted item. Find the other appointment, replace T.O. Count 555-4970-5476, for the year of the school year 2025 to 2026, to school service, Ward 2. Item 19, consideration of an actual request to approve furniture tool for South Company Inc. for the investigation and replacement of the sewer line 
[01:33:46] running from 2365 Young Driving to the vacant lot behind the residence connecting to the Wild Avenue Sanitary Sewer Main, the amount of $20,350 for the exploratory investigation of the sanitary sewer line and lateral at $57,130 to repair the sanitary sewer line. The sanitary line is partially 200 linear feet of six-inch concrete pipe. This is in discussion and approval is completed within Ward 1. 
[01:34:17] Timothy Lewis is making this request. This project will be funded by the much-dealt number 237-4965-5477-00 for the year 2026. Item E, consideration of an actual request to approve the vendor Clean Earth Collection and Removal of Hazardous Waste in the City of College Park's 2026-1 program, Hazardous Waste Collection and Removal. Vendor based on their submission effort, Lowe's responded bidder at $13,412.25 
[01:34:50] for this item to be requested by the Public Works Director, Brian Anderson. This is a budgeted item fund for Landfill Targeted Geo-Account number 5404300-526120. This will service all wards and employees. Item F, consideration of an actual request to approve Clean and Continued Construction in the amount of $125,473 and $175,950 for this. Two packets of insert for West Bay of Bill 
[01:35:21] slash Pottery Road Water Main Emergency Repair. This instruction approval was completed within Ward 3. This item has been requested by Timothy Lewis, Water Superintendent. This project will be funded by the most Geo-Account number 237-4965-5477-00 for school year 2026. Item 19, consideration of an actual request to approve Clean and Continued Construction at the amount of $348,950 to replace sanitary sewer main located on Park Parish. 
[01:35:52] This instruction approval was completed within the city of College Park, Ward 1. This item has been requested by Timothy Lewis, Water Superintendent. This project will be funded by Geo-Account 505-4400-5800 for school year 2026. Item nine eight, consideration of an actual request to Kate Robert-Kaft, invoicing the amount of $27,900 into the budget of item Geo-Account 118-1052-5178. 
[01:36:23] Contractual services. This item has been requested by Mike Pitts, City Manager. Item nine I, consideration of an actual request to operate a steam energy enter and twist contractual agreement with Denise Perkins Britain to provide personal services to Ward 4 legislative assistant to contract amount of $35,000. This is a budgeted item, Geo-Account number 118-1052-5178, contractual services. This item is sponsored by Councilman Roger Bate. Item 10, consideration of an actual request. 
[01:36:54] My apologies. Yes, we have it. We have that moving. Thank you. Consideration of a contribution which is made to Councilman Gordon-Jones and to Denise Perkins Britain. All those in favor? Aye. Any opposed? Any abstentions? That is a yes. Item 10 A, consideration of an actual request to approve a proposal for professional services 
[01:37:25] for fire and rescue, public safety feasibility study and amount of $30,000. This item is being reported by Fire Chief Jolene Jones. This is a budgeted item, Geo-Account number 118-1052-5178, contractual services. Is there a motion? Motion. Thank you, Councilman McKenzie. Is there a second? Thank you, Councilmember Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. That's unanimous. Item 10 B, consideration of an action of approval 
[01:37:55] of the proposal within the traffic study for a rescue at Main Street for GEOC to restart Main Street from Princeton Avenue to the south side of Virginia Avenue Overpass and from the north side of Virginia Avenue Overpass to the east point city limits. This item is being reported by Councilman Dr. Jamel McKenzie. Is there a motion? Thank you, Councilmember McKenzie. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Councilmember Carter. Any discussion? Yes, Dr. McKenzie, is there a motion to carry? I wanna reiterate again that this is not about the traffic study. 
[01:38:27] This is about putting it into the hands of GEOC to consider, to move forward with whatever the process is in creating three lanes versus four lanes. This is just a resolution for that. It's not getting into everything else that was discussed. Is there a second? I'm gonna go ahead and say that this motion is to consider and to rewrite the resolution 
[01:38:58] and to adopt the process as it stands and to move forward with the initial discussion. Any other views or votes? All those in favor? Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. I move that the Grady Hall Foundation propose lanes for Grady. Fundraise our bike ride on April 25th, 2026 in situ at 4 p.m. 
[01:39:28] A portion of the bike course is within the city of College Park's city limits and it is to be hauled on boards one, two, and three for sightings of post-credit needs to be put in the ground. Is there a motion? Motion. And a second. Is there a second? Second. Any comments on the order of the discussion? Mary. I'll move the motion. I'll second that. I'll move the motion. Do we have a motion? I'll second that, do I have a motion? Let me get up. We've got a silent film. Judge you. 
[01:40:00] But, of course, it's going to depend on the team that you're in charge of, and the staff that you're in charge of. All right. I want to make one last comment. That is, remember, before you are found as next one, it is critically important that you share with the public what it seems like is bad news. They don't, they may not have access to any of this information, but they can make it online. 
[01:40:34] Remember, no, it is not made online. I can check my e-mail if you would give me a brief moment. I will put it up on the screen. As long as we get some sort of explanation moving through this, why we're adding things and why we're taking things away, because it's, I mean, this is an important thing for the public to know. We had a discussion before the motion was called. I'm looking at both of the maps just for the sake of the point, because I'm looking at this myself. I don't see anything that has been added. 
[01:41:05] In fact, those of you that have the map online, nothing has been added, but it looks like they have had pieces of property subtracted in this new map, so we are not adding anything into this redevelopment area. Is that correct, Counselor Barnes? Yes. We are eliminating, so it's not like we're adding an additional property. Now, what those properties are has something to do with an old national corridor. 
[01:41:35] There was an addition there in the first Exhibit A map, and now the new map is not adding those properties. It's an old national corridor expansion that has like the X-axis over there. There's a tracking device. So, those of you that might be watching, that's the only difference. We have made a smaller redevelopment area than what we'd like to change. 
[01:42:06] Okay. I hope that we'll be able to understand why we're being able to change properties, but where is that replacement? It has to change. It has to change. Did you say yes, Governor? No, I was just making sure that this was not a discussion at all. So, I have the opportunity to speak before the item has been sounded. I'm sorry, Counselor Parsons. As long as I acknowledge you and thank you for your patience. 
[01:42:36] Item D is consideration of a resolution expanding the redevelopment area of the city. This item is sponsored by Mayor Pro Tem Joe Carr. Is there a motion? I'll move the motion. Okay, Council Member Carr, is there a second? I'll second. Okay. Revision. Revision. Revision. Revision. Revision. Revision. Revision. Revision. And that is like the no addition of a parcel in the old national corridor. Right. 
[01:43:06] This also is like the extension to the old corridor. So, it's still including that extension. Okay. Okay. Sorry, I didn't hear about why that's an extension. All right. Is there a second? I second. All right. Thank you, Council Member Kenzie. Any discussion? Council Member Gaye. I have a motion. I second. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[01:43:36] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We are in Part 4 already, so thank you. Did that message come through? Did it have a training? I'm sorry. Any further discussion? Hearing none. 
[01:44:11] We'll move to a vote. All those in favor? Aye. That's unanimous. And Mr. O'Connor, on item 10E, has your office had an opportunity to weigh in on that, the $200,000 landscaping contract, the piggyback? Yes, ma'am, we've had discussions with the staff on the same issues. And were there any concerns from your office in regards to that contract? 
[01:44:42] Yes, ma'am. Well, what I think is that, probably, Mr. O'Connor, as you know, this is a long, long time. If we knew that there was a $200,000 contract, we'd get that contract. That's what they're telling you, right? And that $200,000 contract is by and together a portion of $2,000. And so, we would not be able to piggyback on the expired contract. So, we are committed that we would like to add these contracts to the piggyback portion 
[01:45:16] more than we are committed to the piggyback portion. Thank you, sir. Madam Clerk? Yes, Madam Mayor? Item 10C, consideration of an action request to amend the 860 piggyback agreement with Medical Maintenance, LLC, increasing the contract amount by $201,000. This amendment will allow for the continued provision of essential landscape services in Ward 2. This item is being requested by Joe Kahn, Mayor Pro Tem. This is a budgetary item. Item 11, tourist product development, TPD account, GL account number 275-4975-526300, 
[01:45:54] fiscal year 2026. Madam Clerk? Madam Mayor? I'm looking for a motion to approve. Councilor McCarty, I'm asking for a motion to approve. May we do that? Which thing sounds? Councilor McCarty? Do you have a motion? Do we need to have a discussion? It seems it's been sounded. It's been sounded. Councilor McCarty's made a motion for discussion. 
[01:46:24] Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member McKenzie. Councilor McCarty, are you ready? I'm sorry, thank you. Any discussion on the motion for discussion? Councilor McCarty? Good. So, you're working with the public? Yes, as we all know, we can piggyback on what the government's commentary has been all day and every day. But we have to be active commentary. 
[01:46:54] And we discovered that the commentary in Rockville County expired last year. And we can't piggyback on the expired commentary this year. So, I'm sorry. All right. Any further discussion? All those in favor on the motion for discussion? All those in favor? All those opposed? 
[01:47:25] All those abstaining? Councilor McKenzie, what is your vote on the motion for discussion? Councilor McCarty made a motion for discussion. Do you second that? And there was discussion on that motion for discussion. And now I'm going to call the vote. I would, if you don't mind, second it. Okay. All right. So, that motion, is there a second? All right. Anyone willing to make on the motion for discussion? Hearing none, that motion dies. 
[01:48:16] All right. Madam Mayor, moving on to the next item. Yes, ma'am. 11, City Attorney's Report. All right. Thank you, Councilor. Thank you very much. 12, City Manager's Report. May I come to just a couple of comments? 
[01:48:47] Before I say thank you, before I do, Councilor McKenzie, I just want to go on. Madam Mayor, I know that this committee is taking a look at the questions and we have not received any of them. And I think that it doesn't seem as if we received any questions. And that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. And I think that's a good thing. So, I will look at that and I will look at the rest of it. I think it's a great thing. Thank you very much. 
[01:49:19] So, I don't think that I'll manage to understand. We actually looked at some of the things that we talked about last week. And I'm sure we know that one of us managed to understand. Now, what I understand is that we have a table, that Michael is here, no one else. A simple high table where everyone comes here, then give an order to something they are interested in and then they go. And then if one of them wants to be here too, 
[01:49:52] they are to know everybody, consistently. And if one talks too quickly, then I'm not interested any more. understanding that. I want everybody to know that every slide into a community, and I want to do a ride-along with you, public works, public safety, everybody. One of the things that we have, and we've got a lot of slides in Michigan, and Brian and I have talked about, we're trying to replace a lot of slides in Michigan, 
[01:50:23] a lot of cities. I showed you a group that we had, we saw some of these older slides that had been taken up, so we're going to try to keep our minds clear on whatever we have a program in, and if we have a program in Michigan, we'll be able to find a community and take a ride-along with you. Also, reparation and cultural policy, we all work for it. We're team is good enough to make sure all of our parks, where you stand, have security guards and cultural people to make sure we have proper 
[01:50:58] security in all those parks, and we're doing that. Also, a few weeks ago, we gave away free water to us as a baby rider, and we're keeping giving away free water to get out of those wetlands and to get out of the wetlands. Also, on April 25th, from 9 to 12, our police department will have a job fair at the park, so kudos to you too for making sure that our police department is doing a good job there. Also, we're gearing up for our budget hearings, so please look at the schedule. It's on the website, 
[01:51:34] and as a matter of matter, if you have a question about what that's going to be, we're going to make sure that it's being opened up and overflowed so our citizens can sit here and see what they can actually see what's going on and get excited about it. I also want to talk a little bit about how many of you guys have heard me talk about our whole values. We want to work as a community, so if I'm a city manager, we want to also talk about how we all work together, 
[01:52:06] how many adults are in the community on the board, how long it takes us to do the work that we're doing, and things like that. So if you're a mayor, I think you've seen it best, what do we do to work together as a community? We should do that, too. Thirteen reported mayor and council. All right, so I do want to, I've said it in print, and I've said it earlier, but congratulations to you guys. 
[01:52:40] Thanks for working with me, and it was nice to have you in terms of meetings. I think that this is the last I'm going to speak on me, but would have loved to have been there Saturday, but I had a family trip, and I was on a flight from Paris. That's right. But the special call meeting was set, you know, without asking. So I couldn't make it, and that's unfortunate, but I can't really do logging in over the water, 
[01:53:17] but I'm certainly glad that we had the outcome that we did, and I look forward to this meeting. So I wanted to thank everyone, including Mr. Hicks, for attending our town hall a week before last. It was a great time. Fun was had by all. I think Rack-A-Lot was had by all, which is always good, because our visitors are just kind of amazing, and the community is wonderful, and the reps, especially the 13 and the ones, 
[01:53:47] it's just absolutely wonderful. And so we brought everyone together for this evening of dialogue and Q&A and information and community gathering, and one of the things we talked about is that we are launching a new program called Partake, and we've already had a number of residents download the app. You can go to the Google Play Store. You can go to the Apple App Store. Sorry, I'm a Google person. Is it the Apple? Is it the Apple Store? Anyway. 
[01:54:18] And it is really just a collection. It is sort of that old-fashioned opportunity for us to engage with our neighbors, and College Park is the first city in the country to launch it. It is in Canada. There's about 60,000 people in Montreal in that area who are participating in Partake, and it really is about connecting us with our neighbors. And if you've got an app that you are not using all the time, 
[01:54:48] someone else in our community might have that opportunity and might need a ladder, but they don't necessarily have to go to Home Depot and buy a ladder. And it's not only a great way for us to interact with one another, but it's a great way to save money. And as one of our residents said earlier, these are very unstable times economically, and so actually cleaning counts. And there's definitely carpet cleaners on there already, lots of ladders. 
[01:55:19] Saw someone's blender on there earlier. But this is just exclusive to College Park. So feel free. It is a absolutely common partake, and get to sharing, because it's a great opportunity for you to meet someone in the community that you may not know and also save money, help the environment, all that kind of stuff. So other parts and other comments on the channel. We're hearing from our public safety heroes, 
[01:55:51] and I'm going to take an opportunity to push forth the message from our fire department. Did you know, if you weren't watching, that you have an 80% chance of improved survival if you have a fire at night if your door is closed? I did not know that. But a lot of times people keep their bedroom doors open, but it can be the difference between life and death. 
[01:56:21] 50% of fires, correct me if I'm wrong, Chief, are from 11 to 7, 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. So they're starting when you are not awake. So I know they're going to be putting out a push later, but I want all of you to know about that. Just keep that in mind when you're going to bed tonight. Close that bedroom door. It could be a huge improvement in your survival chances in the event of a fire in your home. 
[01:56:53] So thank you, gentlemen, for sharing that little bit of information. I have another wonderful thing that the fire department is going to be doing, and I don't want to steal all your thunder, but this past year, we have a service called RightSite. And what RightSite does is it allows people who do not have emergencies that need to take them to the emergency department to have a face-time real call with a medical provider who can provide assistance onsite for them. 
[01:57:25] And so that ensures that our highly trained professionals in College Park are focused on the most emergent needs in our community. It's a great program, and it's free. And our fire department will be incorporating that over the next several months, and I'm very excited. And hopefully it will help improve outcomes, because when I had the opportunity to drive to the fire department, one of the things that surprised me so much was the amount of care that they are giving 
[01:57:59] to members of our community, high-quality care, that they are over-training. And we want to make sure that some of our highest skilled and trained individuals in this community are focused on those needs, on those emergent needs. So we're hopeful that RightSite will get us moving in that direction. And I want to thank the chief and the deputy chief for their work on it, and Chief Taylor as well, to incorporate that into the suite of services that we provide as a community. 
[01:58:35] One last note, if you go to MayorBianca.com, one-on-ones are always available on a monthly basis, and we have a couple slots for tomorrow afternoon. So feel free to sign up. And Representative Spillfield talked a little bit about the end of the legislative session. It saw, we think, the fall. So controversy about whether or not the property tax bill will be moving forward 
[01:59:06] for the governor's signature, there's some question about how that would be, and where it originated from, and the rules regarding that. But if it overcomes those hurdles, we will see that we will have complying with House Bill 561 last year, which was to have the property tax homestead as a property tax freeze. So we'll see what happens with that, but there is some movement on that, 
[01:59:37] and we will certainly keep prides of that. And lastly, very excited, this weekend we have a statewide world-class showcase and senior renewer exhibit at the KCC. And we are going to have seniors from all over Georgia coming to showcase their skills. And we have the best human entertainment. here in the City of Collins are going to be holding a candle to them and I'm looking forward to them raising a crown, or approach, to the City of Collins in the next few years and 
[02:00:12] celebrates active aging, entrepreneurship, and community connection, of course, as one of the presenting sponsors of that, but we still do need volunteers, so if you are free this weekend, feel free to reach out to me.bhedase.org with your name and phone number. We would love to see you there, but I know the dancing will be absolutely amazing and looking forward to that project. That's all I have for now. Elvin, are we good to go? 
[02:00:42] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. It's good to see you. It's a great day in the City of Collins Park. On March 26th, which was a Thursday at 4.04, Kelly Wagner, our City Clerk, sent us a email. Good afternoon, Mayor and Council. Please confirm that you agree to hold a special club meeting on April 4th at 10 a.m. This request is to get public notice on that date, and I'm just so sorry that Mayor was not aware of the fact 
[02:01:16] that we had the special club meeting. We do miss you. We just hope that you did have a good time in Paris, but we all were notified of the special club meeting. I want to congratulate Mr. Higgs for being our City Manager, being selected by unanimous vote of this Council on Saturday. We are truly privileged in this city to have you sitting in that seat, and I'm looking forward to Collins Park, us building Collins Park better, and just tonight at the 
[02:01:48] reception, and I thank everyone who came at the reception. Of course, the GICC, who's been putting in their thing as usual, but it was amazing to see staff who are no longer here at the city that came because they were so excited to see that you were actually made City Manager, and then also to see the staff, to hear from staff, and we're all excited about what's about to happen and what's going on right now. So, I just want to thank 
[02:02:18] Representatives Higgs for your coming out. I mean, you didn't just come and give us a proclamation, you sat through this meeting, bless your heart, but we just really want to thank you for the proclamation that you gave us. You know, 130 years is major. It's major. One hundred and thirty years, and the deeper that I get into the historical society, I can say that we don't have things together, but we've got things together compared to some of the things that used to go on in the city if you go through the archives. So, we 
[02:02:51] have really progressed. We're looking at 130 more excellent years ahead, and we just appreciate the state taking the time to thank our Historical Society President, Ms. Karen Jeremy, who helped us in crafting the information that we sent to the state for that. So, at this time, I have about four minutes left, I guess, or three minutes. We've got a video. 
[02:03:21] This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my April 6th counselor report where I share with you 
[02:04:04] some updates for what we've been up to in Ward 1 and the City of College Park over the past two weeks. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor report where I share with you some updates for what we've been up to in Ward 1 and the City of College Park over the past 
[02:04:51] two weeks. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor report where I share with you some 
[02:05:31] updates for what we've been up to in Ward 1 and the City of College Park over the past two weeks. 
[02:06:19] This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor report where I share with you some updates for what we've been up to in Ward 1 and the City of College Park over the past 
[02:07:17] two weeks. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie with my eighth counselor report where I share with you some updates for what we've been up to in Ward 1 and the City of College Park over the past 
[02:08:15] two weeks. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie wishing you peace and joy as we continue with this holy season at College Boulevard on College Park Day. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie wishing you peace and joy as we continue with this holy season 
[02:09:01] at College Boulevard on College Park Day. This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie wishing you peace and joy as we continue with this holy season at College Boulevard on College Park Day. 
[02:10:00] I heard that commercial where they say, one call, that's all. That's all. That's all. And they got it from the flames, right? Yeah. And you may not watch it, you may need to shoot some copyright infringement because you definitely have this business in college park. One call. If you get it done for us, we want to thank you for putting up with it. It doesn't go with nothing, excuse me. And in addition to the bills that you had to sponsor, which you supported, a lot of 
[02:10:32] folks don't realize that you're good at what you're doing on the bills that you were able to stop. And that's the story that people do not hear about. But there's some ugly bills that were stopped and handed off before they were released here in the public. Let's go get advice from our community. And I know she would never sell us out. 
[02:11:04] We're glad to have you. And we need your support and we appreciate your support always. I wanted to send my condolences to the Price family and the loss of their daughter, Patience Price. I don't know when this was, maybe since she was born. She's not even walking. And the Price family was a part of the college park community for close to 15 years at least. 
[02:11:39] And we had to build this on their loss. Some of y'all might have heard about that in the news. That's sweet. But great family. And she definitely will be missed. A couple of other things. I want to congratulate you to a good friend and mentor of mine, Ambassador Andrew Young. 
[02:12:11] I guess in the 90s it was birthday. I was at his birthday party the other week. And it was great to see him and Walter and Mrs. Young. I don't know if you would have met them. But Walter and Andrew were at the choir today. And he's a great guy. And he's quite a leader for all of us. We're glad to see him in the way. Many thanks to Dr. Lewis Oken and Mrs. Oken for their appreciation for the health and 
[02:12:42] chance holiday dinner, which was last December. A great looking plaque. The city manager, the next agenda will have the update schedule for the health and chance holiday dinner for December 19th. I think they can make sure it's okay. If not, I think they have a backup date. It's Saturday. It's the 4th. They have to make sure they pass on the agenda. So they can get a good run up. 
[02:13:13] They get a lot of sponsorships and whatnot. It's quite an event. People look forward to it. We have a city manager. There's a broken bus shelter in Sullivan Road. I don't know the code enforcement is here. But there's broken glass out there. As of this evening, about a third of it is broken glass out there. So we want to make sure they get in first thing in the morning. 
[02:13:47] Also, Chief McRae, I want you to review that camera. I think it's a DTC camera that's been at the front entrance of the Brockdale driveway. Because that shelter is the biggest one inside of that thing. You see it. We ran that. It never gets hit. Speaking of in Brockdale, we had a great Easter Egg event today at Brockdale Apartments. 
[02:14:21] So we want to thank Brockdale for helping out with that as well. I think we appreciate it. Hope it works. Does anybody know what date the hazardous waste pickup event is? I don't know if you can just get that to everybody. April 18th? I don't care. If there's a flyer or something, I would imagine that we would all want to be able to print that out. 
[02:14:52] We need to do it just one time a year. We can bring the whole thing. Tires, whatever. Drives and washers and everything, right? So that's a big deal. It's a big, big help to residents. They're going to be spraying plenty out of their basements. We're going to give special thanks to Clayton House for the food they provided to our community last week as well. We received boxes and boxes of fresh vegetables. And there's so much needed food. 
[02:15:23] There's a lot of need out there for us. Things are getting tight. Prices are up. Gas prices are up. So and so forth. I'd like to thank the Councilwoman Otto for allowing us to partake in a wonderful meal. And with a terrific community. That's really, really great and something. So that was all. That was really, really a piece of history here. So we're really glad about that. 
[02:15:53] A couple other things I did. So I'm going to offer some good news today. The city manager, this is the first day officially as the permanent city manager. I guess that's a good thing. But it's also a good news. What else happened today? Some of y'all might know that the City of College Park has three professional national sports franchises. 
[02:16:25] Here located at the GIC Field, particularly the Gateway Arena. And we have a lovely addition to one of our sports franchises here. This young lady, Sheila Powers. And she is known as the Bayou Barbie. That's right. So folks, WNBA superstar, Angel Reese, is coming to College Park. 
[02:16:59] We play for the dream of our Gateway Arena. I hope y'all heard that. That's a big deal. And that is a groundbreaking situation. Let me tell y'all something. If you watch ESPN and the sports networks, they're telling you what they've done to the basketball world is offer their collective bargaining. We've got the WPK winning some type of league all the way across the board. They've got maternity leagues. 
[02:17:30] They have all of the things that they're supposed to have. And it's long overdue. And those salaries that are commensurate with the type of crowds they're bringing in and the type of money that those ownership franchises are making. That's what we call parity. We make, that's what we call progress. And we're glad to have Mrs. Reese as one of the top players in the country. We also have, you know, Whitney Grimer as well. So, again, we're home to a lot of hospitality, entertainment. 
[02:18:03] And we're going to make sure our entertainment on campus is top notch and ready for a lot of visitors. We've got a $10 billion autonomous car and vehicle pilot that's rolling out this year as well. We're going to get ready for our World Cup experience and make sure that we're covering and welcoming the world as they fly into our airport. So, we're looking forward to good things and good progress. And I believe that is all I have. 
[02:18:34] So, thank y'all for listening. Thank you. Thank you. I want to start with saying congratulations to Mrs. Reese. Oh, the TV is on. Sorry. Oh, is it not? Oh. Well, good. We'll just wait until you say Mrs. Reese. Okay. Congratulations, Mrs. Reese. We know that this city is going to move forward with innovation. 
[02:19:07] You've already seen evidence of what a city can do for a city. I'm sure some of you have been there actually. And I am looking forward to working with you. I know that College Park is destined for great things. I want to also thank Representative Jessica Hill for the proclamation. And if you all don't know, Kim is the attorney. You know, she has this acronym with the K-I-N. 
[02:19:38] She's the root. She's the root. This is how important she is to the community. Leadership, mentorship, and partnership. She always reaches out and shares information that we can share with our constituents. And she's willing to educate. Thank you. Thank you very much for recognizing the city for this milestone. So, I have a couple of updates. 
[02:20:09] We're at three-headed town hall meeting over the past couple of weeks. During that town hall, we had the opportunity to share a new town hall development that's coming here on the north side. Mr. Gates gave an update. He spoke about the new systems and the way that we were going to make our health and safety organization, you know, public safety updates and updates on our appointees. 
[02:20:40] There were also implications to citizens who want to get more engaged and participate. And we also shared some key data surrounding voting and an opportunity for people to not only verify their voter status, but to also register to vote. I'm thankful for everyone who participated, both from Fulton and Clayton County and to our host, Liz DeBruys. 
[02:21:13] I had the opportunity to participate in the recent Clayton Retreat. As you all know, I'm in the 2026 class, and we have an amazing project that's coming out early. My group that I am bringing back to the city will be asking the city to support this initiative. Because not only will it serve Clayton County, it will serve College Park. Our youth advisory board has shared with us the importance of not forgetting about individuals 
[02:21:54] who are unhoused. And so the project that is coming out of my group also supports individuals who are unhoused. And so I will be asking for support on that project. I know we have budget meetings that are coming up next week. I've asked for, and hopefully we'll get information soon, for information surrounding our staff. This is the same information that I've asked for for the past couple of years. 
[02:22:29] We want to see whether or not we can do something as far as funding. Our staff salary is past the building budget. I think that is extremely important for us to be at the forefront for this next budget season. Yes, we are going to have some challenges. And it's just going to be life based on what we have going on across this country and the world. However, I would like for us to make sure that we address the staff salaries. 
[02:23:02] The next item that I have is District 10. We have our regular second staff meeting that we do at the South Precinct on Dottie Road on 11-2. And I too would like to thank the Neighborhouse for the work that they do as far as serving the community and seeing the positive effects of it. Because our seniors are suffering during this time of transition through all of the changes that we have going on throughout the country. 
[02:23:34] I would also like to thank the additional constituents in Ward 3 who reached out to serve on the Steering Committee for the Comprehensive Planning. I just wanted to make sure that you were recognized and I thank you again. And then for the monumental thing that happened here over the past couple of weeks, which is the mural. And before I let everybody know, this QR code is sitting here for a reason. 
[02:24:04] If you want to learn more about the purpose of the mural, the history of the mural, what the mural is about, or if you want to know something about the artist, you can scan the QR code to learn more. We had a ribbon-cutting at the intersection of West Bayon Hill and Riverdale Road to pretty much receive a mural from an artist. A 350-foot mural. 
[02:24:39] And it wasn't so much about the mural itself, but what the mural represents. The mural represents opportunity for the city of College Park. The opportunity for, one, us to recognize that we needed to repair and restore our relationship as one of seven cities in Northern Carolina. Which we did. It also serves as a courage attraction for the city of College Park. 
[02:25:13] We all know that we want to continue to bring dollars into our city. We want to bring visitors into our city. And it warmed my heart to hear that people, as not every plane that lands at the airport, but several planes that land at the airport, didn't see that mural. And what does it say? It says, College Park. So people know that when they land, they're landing in the city of College Park. And then the third thing that that mural does, it recognizes the women who are sacrificing their time, their talent, their energy, to help move not only the city of College Park forward, but also Clayton County forward. 
[02:26:03] And so I want to thank my colleagues for supporting the initiative of the city of College Park. One of the best things I've heard in the past couple weeks was while I was at my retreat, one of the ladies there said to me that her daughter participates in the volleyball team over at the Tracy Wyatt Rec. And as they were, as she was picking her up from school and going down Riverdale Road, they saw the mural. 
[02:26:35] And her daughter says, oh, mom, that, look at that. That is so beautiful. And as they approached the portraits, the images, she says to her daughter, I know that lady. And her daughter says, you know, can you introduce her to me? There's nothing like representation. And I'll say that again. There's nothing like representation in our community. All of our children want a hero. 
[02:27:08] They want someone to look up to. They want someone that they can emulate or someone that they believe that they can be one day. And that's what that mural represents. It was a great closeout to the Rehistory Month. And again, I thank my colleagues. Thank you. Thank you, Margie. And we're going to continue the comments to the end of this call. So, we'll go ahead and turn this off. 
[02:27:43] All right. So, it's my motion to adjourn to Executive Session for purposes of the real estate, parking, personnel, and litigation. Thank you. Thank you, Councilmember Martin. Thank you, Councilmember Williams. Thank you, Councilmember Hoffman. Thank you, Councilmember Spitzley. Thank you, Margie. Thank you, Margie. Thank you, Margie. Thank you, Margie. All right. All right. That's Margie. All right. And so, we will go into Executive Session at this time. 
[02:28:15] Thank you.