
[00:00] you 
[00:30] you 
[01:00] you 
[01:30] you 
[02:00] you 
[02:30] you 
[03:00] you you you you good evening welcome to all I don't sit there is we don't have to sit in this park and we are going to be were in that this park um eleven numbers which maybe 
[03:32] our calendar it's dark occurred we me sales 
[04:03] some it up most 
[04:34] as burst will good or you'd be a creative science uh... which comes all of a sudden 
[05:05] in the sounds of our voices we look at our hearts as well as our minds and become indeed secure awareness and can't forget that the down lows uh... in your are and 
[05:35] uh... are it's the same relationship we're here are with anxiety of uncertainty of what is happening in our city and in our country 
[06:07] throughout this year we've had those universal laws of state uh... laws that they're gross of human society we know in order that all of life is a series of varied explorations the best explorations comes from secure homes 
[06:40] we love a secure place more to the base of space our community we need the security to control our anxiety and our fears of the present as well as the future we're here in order to deal with some actual matters as well as a variety 
[07:10] the events that have taken place in our city we've done things right over the better half of our council members and all of those who assist in the matters of the security and the belonging of the bad and healthy and the mild whereas 
[07:40] the best energy is the low cost of keeping our energy we also give the essential words for all those who work for and participate in the work that now affects the security of all those who work for microsoft and work on behalf of the city of collinsville we ask for that your stories and your 
[08:13] stories are heard we in our lives and our hearts as we deliberate take care of each other responsibly and I hope that when we leave here today on our own we'll have a sense of companion of enduring appreciation for one another that we have worked diligently 
[08:43] to pursue our objectives our priorities our goals so we can have the outcome that the nation, the state hope to know this being the case of all families including ours that this you perceive 
[09:13] as work for the excellence of a more perfect family in collinsville and to be a more perfect team I think that working for a more perfect community all human beings I hope this has now slightly evolved in my opinion 
[09:46] and as you follow today's brief your wedding tonight's are either on silent or shot right without redial or shoot directlyt we wish you could be fortunate enough Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh, Ieh. Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah, Ieah. So, if you're going to be using a phone, you want to hear about one of the most recent things that Congress brought. And those are disability rights, the right to have your own home, and it is important that the decisions we take, our collective decisions will be made without saying anything 
[10:21] else. You have the opportunity to be fully active in this city. We want the right to be treated with respect. Our decision will be made. We will be mothers. We will be fathers. We'll be mothers. We'll be fathers. We're going to make this reality. We've beat the US, and we're going to make this reich a reality. You can enter and find a company and a company to do something with your name and address here. You have to keep your name important, right? Think about what matters to you, right? Think about job, expenses, describes all of these things. We can link, can link, and we can link all of them. 
[10:56] Yes, excitedly. Every county, every territory, but in the midst of a meeting, the days by which I was struck down to favor the bill can be in their hearing, one thing so excited. We are not easy to bright a terrorist organization impossible. We know that stars who spoke one of these things have certifially been first and foremost successful in the city. Good luck. But it's real. No harm, thank you. I have two additional questions that we're going to attempt to answer. 
[11:29] I'm going to use my signature. Please. I'm going to use my signature. Yes, ma'am. So, she's got her hands on moving item 16. This is item 16, which is actually based off of an error that I did not understand. It also recommends removing 9I, as well as adding an item to the agenda titled, 
[12:01] Discussion of Respect Around the World, 16. So, you can't delete A to a possible larger form. And regarding personnel, I'm going to take an exception. I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[12:41] So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[13:20] So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to add an item to the agenda titled, So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[13:51] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[14:33] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[15:19] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[15:57] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[16:27] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[17:13] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[17:51] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[18:31] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[19:25] So, I'm going to take an exception. So, I'm going to take an exception. 
[20:00] It gives me great pleasure to recognize a phenomenal community, and also our first historic grand marshal for the City of College Park, Martin Luther King. Martin Luther King County is proud of the way that I work and play, church, and the world. It gives me so much pleasure. 
[20:31] It is an honor to recognize my honorable Dr. King, my husband, my wife Maria, jurist, minister, educator, and chairman of the City of College Park Community. Through her foundation and ministry, Judge Reynolds has strengthened College Park with programs that empower women, support youth, promote literacy, expand voter engagement, and serve families in need. 
[21:02] Her heritage is far beyond our vision. She has served with distinction across roles of state and national leadership, while always remembering the dignity of women of the South. Tonight, we call to celebrate her for extraordinary accomplishments, her dedication to service, and her unwavering commitment to making College Park a better place for all. 
[21:33] And at this time, it is my privilege to not only present her with this recognition, but also present her with a tea, thank you. Thank you. So, this tea means from her outstanding service to our community, her unwavering commitment of lifting the lives of others around her, and her role as an extraordinary leader 
[22:07] and mentor, who continues to inspire us all. Her legacy is one of effort, grace, and love. January 2018. I'm so happy to be here, and I'm so happy to have this opportunity to join her as she raises us with words. 
[22:38] Thank you, Ramona, and thank you so very much. Thank you to the Mayor and Council, and to all who have gathered here today. For over a decade, some almost 27 years, we've been working in Paris Park. Now we're at Westwood, and we've been hosting a fantastic event with over 5,000 women, and we're offering pro and four-country support to this location. 
[23:09] Now we have over 2,500 books, and 100 boxes, and we have a national and global role. And every day, some of you, we are feeding people, not just with food, but we're giving them cookies as well, that's still going on. Because it's so juicy and brown this year in the city of College Park. I can't think of any better place to live. Thank you for the great and passionate work that you are doing. 
[23:39] Thank you to all of the employees, the staff, and the community. And I'm so honored and humbled to die in your glory. 
[25:07] Thank you. I neglected to say that College Park is a midway missionary back to faith, and whether everyone's going to serve as leaders, and I am the associate pastor. Thank you. Congratulations, and God bless. Congratulations nutrition, and God bless the KFA members. 
[25:37] Hold your silence, expel loop proclamation, and I leg now call the roll. We're calling the roll. Thank you for ingerting 3.48554533 at your occasion in College Park. And we will call your name for the next meeting and your motion is... All right. All right. 
[26:07] Whereas, as you know, the KFA is a professional institution in College Park. It is a professional building. One way to get in is to come and join us. It's not a bad idea. College Park, every morning, 14 weekly meetings. Only two or more nights. 18 regional engagements and two national engagements, including participation in the web, National Summit in Washington, D.C., whereby all of the institution's members are employed in the national background. Whereas, you can start demonstrating your commitment to the business community 
[26:37] by hosting a series of all-business parent networking events through partnerships with professionals from College Park. Whereas, you can demonstrate a deep, caring commitment to youth by providing toys to more than 2,000 children and families in a holiday campground, and by creating a summer-induced civic leadership academy in a civic advisory group. Whereas, the Mayor and Chief Counsel serve as a form of recognized leadership by the Washington Department of Justice and the federal agency. Now, therefore, it may be proclaimed that the Mayor, Mayor Pro Tem, 
[27:08] Chief Counsel of the City of College Park Project and other high-ranking medical officials in all areas of our service as Mayor Pro Tem during this winter and fall term will express their sincere appreciation for her leadership and service to the community, as she did in the 19th century. Please be concluded by wishing the Mayor and Chief Counsel a Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! I just want to say thank you. It has been my great honor and privilege 
[27:42] to serve the City of College Park in the capacity of Mayor Pro Tem. And those of you that know me, you know I took that serious. And I saw myself as someone who did not just get an award, but to my entire city. And I'm truly grateful. I'm grateful to my colleagues that after me just only being on council for 20 years, they felt fit to entrust me with such a responsibility. 
[28:13] A responsibility that involves taking on these events, attending, meeting, and welcoming the City of College Park. Thank you to our entire team. I'm going to ask that the team come down, all those of you that would like to come and be a part of this picture. We love you. We appreciate you. And we will continue to make College Park better every single day. Thank you again. 
[29:21] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[29:53] And now to accept the proclamation to pass the Polls and its commitment to members of the community. That's reached. to you. 
[31:09] All right, we have a special call to establish in 2023 is a predominantly female owned and female led recreational soccer program serving approximately 208 ages 5 to 18 across all of California. The program is run by a group of women and men of color in a faithful community that's committed to empowering young athletes to develop and compete with their male counterparts. The organization operates with roughly 20 teams under its recreation program and exercises 
[31:39] to promote their well-being, sportsmanship, strength and ability, as well as community engagement. We have 19 high school girls too. This all starts now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[32:12] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[32:44] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  
[33:33] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[34:18] Good morning. I guess 
[34:48] I'll start by saying it's been a while since I saw you. I know. How have you been? good. Are you struggling with school? this year has been scary audiobook of God says society. Trouble is not what I saw. I need more with this life. I NEED MORE. I need more. Demands too much when we're struggling. I need more. Hm. Some struggling. Emotions too much when we're struggling. I NEED MORE. 
[35:20] I had to ask for permission, to not change wasn't the simplest things you could, except you're grounded. you should have, told me a month before to see you. I'm sorry. I have to, I haven't. these words are more meaningful than the joy it's bringing when you're 
[35:50] with your family. We're going to have diamond steps down this interpolation to connect our museum to what we're going to see here today, right in our concert hall. and we're gonna be coming out to you томorrow. This next step is called the Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid. 
[36:21] Euclid. Euclid. I'm just gonna do it really slow. Euclid. Euclid. Euclid. Before I make this calculation, let me just do a brief 
[36:51] tell a little bit brief case about my relationship to Euclid. Before I make this calculation, let me do a brief quick tell a little bit brief member about. First of all, if you don't need to mean 
[37:24] So I'll just do as you deem to be So I'll just do as you deem to be so I'll just do as you deem to be So I'll just do as you deem to be the Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Euclid Don't worry, we have the church Don't worry, we have the church as a counterweight I set the focus over here  as a counterweight 
[37:59] a flexible a flexible they can justify they can justify for instance their entire family their entire family and how they and how they leer may sleep may sleep and water and water withина and water withина won't ,. .and they won't watching watching their system system with which with its system their 
[38:29] system their their own own system their own own system system and many of them have used used copying language in e 
[38:59] o a n  a  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o o o o o 0 0 0 o o o o 0 0 0 0 save 
[39:29] a 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
[39:59] 0 0 to do some clarification on the ways we've dealt with as a group, the type of camaraderie we've shared with each other, the love... ... ...we've tried to achieve. One of the things we've done as a group is help the community and share what we've faced. We've seen the public more active and volunteering and deservingly heard as well. And we've had an opportunity to talk about what it feels like to help the community, to celebrate the significance of community history 
[40:31] and ways we've dealt with, rather than what we've been traumatized by generations through our steadfast belief and unexpected opposition to potential democracy and through our lifelong dedication to service-based education. Now, therefore, be it proclaimed that the mayor, mayor pro tem, and city council will cross that bridge. You hear about what the last time we've dealt with a very historic matter of democracy, civic democracy, and to me personally, a historic matter of democracy 
[41:01] has been a critical breakthrough for the lasting impact on the civil rights problem that we have during the second world war, and early 2026. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[41:32] Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You were absolutely great, and I know I don't really get to go to a conversation with the folks who came with me, but thank you for listening to me. Thank you for listening to me. You know that they put the man first, 
[42:04] and you put me first, and I want you to see my kids, because these are my children. I brought up them in the church, and now they have to meet with the other children in the church. I have a baby sister here who is 88, and compared to her age, she's a little bit older than me. And it's very remarkable. 
[42:50] This is the best thing that has ever happened to me. And I have to say this now. My heart is pounding, because I was going back to what broke big for me, and what had happened. You know, when my mom and dad were the only ones 
[43:20] with a single parent, and the people in the community were there for me, so I didn't have to cry for them to take care of me. But I know what I've been, and I want to keep on doing what I've been, and I'm asking for help every day. I'm wishing for that help that I receive. I don't expect that to be the end of my life. You know what it is. 
[43:52] But I do want to thank Pastor Mike. You know, we need your help, and whatever you're doing, you have to keep the good stuff going, and we all need to ask for a donation for what we need to receive. All right. I see that most of the world needs help, and I know all of us, 
[44:23] and all of us are willing to be a part of your help. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. And I love you. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Okay. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. I'm going to ask you a question, okay? No, no, no, no. This president, while we ask for donation, we will be able to spend it, 
[44:54] and I don't think I have a choice. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think the Perkins family is truly one of the first families of the city of College Park. And it is such a pleasure to have you here. So, let's give a hand for our brother. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And I told you before, Sam, he's helped everybody in the community. In 1981, I entered middle school in the city of Perkins, 
[45:25] and Mr. Perkins, I think it was two years ago, was my first vocational teacher. He taught me basic classroom, and I'll never forget it. I was in a vocational class, and it's hard to believe it was 45 years ago, but it was 1981. And it's just amazing that we are honoring a man and a woman whose level of service is just as talented and perfect as he is. So, look at him. 
[45:55] Mr. Gordon Perkins is a distinguished educator, gentleman, and community servant whose life reflects excellence, trust, perseverance, and the dignity of community service. And whereas Mr. Perkins, a former graduate of Tuskegee University, is right. Mr. Perkins is a devoted alumnus and staunch supporter of the institution exemplifying loyalty to education, 
[46:25] opportunity, and leadership. And whereas he honorably served this country as a Korean War veteran in the United States Army where he established himself as a pipist and self-taught bricklayer re-selecting basic craftsmanship and dedication to duty. And following his military service, Mr. William Dudley, Jr. received over 32 years of public education in the state of Georgia, teaching industrial arts, 
[46:56] mechanical drawing, and a workshop at Stewart County Schools and Fulton County Schools, including East Texas High School, Carleton West Middle School, East Penn High School, and Riverwood High School. And whereas beginning in 1965 at Edelkommers High School, Mr. Dudley, a public education educator, was recognized as one of the first African-Americans to integrate Fulton County Schools helping to open doors 
[47:26] and establish precedents that positively shaped generations of students. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And whereas our members of the church took the involvement, Mr. Dudley remained actively connected to St. John's Community Church, the Catholic and Evangelical Church, and the EESD scholarship foundation, the King's College Community Club, and numerous civic and service organizations. And whereas at home, 
[47:56] Lawyer W. Dudley, as a devoted husband, taught his wife, a proud father of two, Kenzie Ponder, a loving grandfather to Ashanti, his wife, and Katelyn Ponder, and a cherished great-grandfather to O'Connor, and whereas the education service of Mr. Dudley Jr. has built a legacy defined by courage, integrity, and quiet excellence 
[48:26] that continues to inspire all students and communities alike. Now, therefore, we proclaim that the mayor, Mayor Pro Tempore, and the city council of the city of Charlottesville have recognized and honored this day on behalf of the thousands and thousands of students and students that you have praised for his extraordinary lifetime of service, leadership, and brilliant contributions to education, community, and public life. 
[48:56] We pray in this sacred day of celebration that he will be remembered as Lawyer W. Dudley. And here's to all of you. Good morning. Good day to you All right, now listen to this next song called Otherworlds. Ah... I wrote this one 
[49:28] this best by far with one of my father's students. Ah... And he wrote well and he is just a you know, real sweet man kind you know what I mean. And I know why he wrote it he's a really nice boy. But, ah... the message is simplified and I'll be very proud of him. 
[50:00] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[50:38] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[51:08] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[51:48] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[52:28] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[53:08] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[53:48] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[54:18] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[54:58] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[55:38] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[56:18] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[56:58] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[57:38] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[58:18] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[58:58] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? 
[59:50] And if that's the truth, why don't you believe it ear? and won the championship. Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! I can't believe it. I don't know what you're doing, but I found them. I got bleach. Wait, what was it about? Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. Bleachy water. And now I'm gonna own a perfect season. 
[01:00:21] Players, Aaron Davis, Ryan Hunter. Yes, you stole my ball. Stole my ball. What did I do? Nicholas Miller, Caden Scott, and Larry Solomon led their team to victory. The team was destined to win, I have to admit, Bill. I have to admit, I have to admit. But Alex Park, Shane Dew, Ram, Lou, won the championship and died. Alex, in 35 to six, over the city of South Park, took a complete losing run. Don't go, don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. 
[01:00:52] Don't go. Don't go. Oh, excuse me. Players, Levi Hart, MacArthur, Ryan Ellis, Caden Franks, LaFarida, O.C., and Chase Patterson, Thomas LeBron, Braden Miller, Bill and Mowgli, Bryce and Stewart, and Derek Hogan brought home the win. The task was not to play the morning games, otherwise, the task only wears one. Let me see if these have been in discussion. Alex, in 36, over the city of South Park, 
[01:01:24] 19 at South Park, but not in the morning games. I think it's 10 points. What was the record? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Stephen, players, Eberlin, Aiyani, Jason Caldwell, Chad White, Henry, Derek Ray, Jr., Carter Hampton, Liam Ingram, Braylon Kahn, Trenton Pizzaro, Connor Smith, Dorian Scott, and James Williams led the team to victory. The team was finished by a 5-9 in Toronto Williams. Now, I can't complain, but I'm glad 
[01:01:55] I'm attending City Council this week. I'm just glad that the class of Rams, Boys, Black, Football was recognized for their hard work, dedication, and accomplishments to show and preserve youth, fun, football, undefeated champions for the eight-year, 10-year, and 12-year division. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey William! William! 
[01:02:25] You too. Oh good. Yeah. You too. Oh that's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. You should know this, because I teach them, I'm educating them, and that keeps them going, in fact, Eric Barrett, a son, named Wil, took 10 years and drive to Los Angeles when Eric did his PhD, 
[01:02:56] and he bought his first car and he started driving until his 4th year of high school. Oh that's amazing. That is so cool. He bought an XL car, and he did not before he wouldn't because he was 3 years old, and he had the chassis he bought before he even started driving. Oh yeah- Oh yeah. 
[01:03:26] Yeah. Congratulations. Congratulations Eric. Happy 4th year of high school. Happy 4th year of high school. You need to drink some water. Last class will be 10 minutes. Mommy, Maddy, Spider-Man, Spongebob, 
[01:03:56] Spongebob. Okay, Let's go. 
[01:04:39] Let's go. So now, So now, So now, So now, So now, So now, So now, So now, Whereas tonight, Howard is a distinguished student-athlete, and proud president of CUNY College of the Arts 104, 
[01:05:11] whose academic excellence and academic achievement and leadership reflect the highest standards of dedication, discipline, and perseverance, and whereas having a demonstrated exceptional academic talent and focus, Howard has been an unbelieving, academic, and committed bully. Enrolling in college courses in Spring 2026 while graduating high school is unacceptable. Earning a meaningful head start on a higher education, and whereas CUNY attended West Coast Commando Program, where she excelled both academically and athletically, establishing herself as a winner 
[01:05:42] of both on and off the court, and whereas having played volleyball since she was eight, Howard had a great career with three chasers, volleyball, and power park, and later advancing to a league national competition, which we now know as volleyball, and whereas her high school GPA outclassed all of her scores, and whereas having a successful performance at West Coast High School earned her numerous honors, including an APR, and as a player of the year twice, and as a player of the year for the 2025-26 season, extensions of her professional executive, 
[01:06:13] leadership, and commitment to excellence, and whereas CUNY has earned a world division one academic scholarship and a B.Q. while applying to a graduate program at East Carolina University, which equates in effect with a top-notch payback check and whereas CUNY's dedication to service outweighed the CUNY's community impact, and whereas CUNY's versions early rooted in a college park or a school community that helped accept her values and success, while being represented in the city of College Park was nearly guaranteed to be accomplished 
[01:06:44] while encouraging all of the students to pursue their goals with confidence and determination. Now, therefore, I proclaim that I am a former lieutenant state counsel of the city of College Park, Ohio, and would do hereby recognize my daughter, Ananya K. Howard, as one of CUNY's most important businesses as she continues her education in our great park, and I, Ananya Howard, will bring continued pride to her family, her war-torn neighbors, and the entire city of College Park. Thank you. Thank you. 
[01:07:14] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm Ananya K. Howard. I serve as mayor and counsel in the day. I'm proud to be a part of this that you will didn't know CUNY heard that name before, so, now, why don't you open your shop and tell all the parents who are raised in Essex, keep going, keep them on you feel? Because they may look like it, but it's going to pay off. All the kids, listen for your parents, keep your hat up. 
[01:07:45] Now, to my baby, I'm so honored to be your mom in accepting this proclamation. I love you all, take good care of your baby. Thank you. I just want to say, since you know me, I was born and raised in Elks. I mean, to the most, but really, this is the life that you can see. The people that you come to, the souls, where you come from, the people that touch your cup, it is the souls, where you come from, 
[01:08:15] it's the life, it's the humanity that you are a part of. This is what's available in you. So, thank you for what you do. And just one thing, that, you know, it's a Wednesday night, children, you know, in the day, it's the sports, it's the presentation, all the special presentation, to the parents, to the people that come, to the generals, I will support the best model of children of color, as far as we can go, in this space, of the world we live in, as far as we can go, 
[01:08:46] of the nation that comes along. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[01:09:21] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
[01:09:54] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  That's what I call love, that's what love is. 
[01:10:30] That's one of the saddest feelings in the world, that's what I mean. As a man I'm happy, that's what I can say, an animal that deserves to live. And, if I don't bring it with me it becomes so painful. You know, I don't prefer saying things, because I'm here today, I don't want to change that, 
[01:11:02] I don't want to lose a little bit of tension. So, we have to also, I guess I'm just going to say it, just like everybody else, we have to have a little change, a little attention, not just a little bit of tension. And unless you can recognize temporarily, you see me, I've got to come in and experience the feeling of, the sense of self, the feeling of being alive. And it's like, 
[01:11:33] there's a lot of people that are very close to this community, that take a lot of, a lot of, a lot of motivation. But, we have to have a little bit of time to, say, to get a great job, to, you know, to grow older. And I guess, I mean, I'm a 50-year-old, she's a 50-year-old, I don't know, community. I'm not an immigrant, I'm not an immigrant, I was born in Hong Kong, 
[01:12:03] so I have some sort of connection. But, if you don't have a lot of money, you don't have a lot of friends, you don't have a lot of good things to do in this community. And, if you are, if you, if you don't have a good career, if you don't have a good mother, if you don't have, what can you do this year? I recognize you as your mom. I recognize you as your mom. I recognize you in a position which is by 
[01:12:37] a 2nd, a 2nd, sub-person category. I don't remember your name, but I was personal life, the most important life that I have ever had. So, I'll start from here and go all the way. I have thought that I would like to write a letter for you to see. Not to read, not to know, not to say anything, 
[01:13:08] but to come from where you know, without a doubt, and listen to it. And I also, I will be grateful and grateful to you that you did it. I will take a note of it. And this is a call to supernatural that I am from. I hope that you find a way to help me. You have to stay in my world. You don't have to follow my words. 
[01:13:38] I can teach you the way. Or I see you in a ball with two corners. If you follow some of this way to see it. And I see you on the other edge of the world. You don't have to stay in this world where you don't know. As long as you are in this world, you will take care of it. 
[01:14:10] And also, I was going to make a revelation. Today, a couple of days ago, I was going to do this because I wanted to help you. I don't know why I want to help you. Because I know that you will help me. And if you don't do it, I don't need you. And I will take care of you, too. And I hope that you will like it. 
[01:14:42] I'm sorry I don't know if I'm in the room. And I said, sorry, but I don't know if I'm in the room with you. But I don't know why I want to help you. If you would like to see how I can be so much safer with all the things that are going on around the world, smile, don't be afraid of anything. 
[01:15:13] You are more awesome, awesome than you think you are. I can't wait to see you. And I promise you, if it's possible, I will call you, smile, and I'll take pictures of all of them to show that we don't die alone, and you know we'll be there. This is the first and first time that we'll be there. And I'm just glad and excited that we should be there. I don't want any assistance, 
[01:15:44] no assistance, and I'm glad that we're together. I want you to talk to each other when it's time to talk. I want you to talk to each other when it's your turn to walk down the road. If you need any assistance, I know who it is. You know your family. You've done it before. You've done it now. You have someone who has to do it all. And I'm glad that so many of you have done it. I'm sure you've done it on your own way. And I'm so glad that you know it. 
[01:16:17] So many of us used to go home to school with a glass of glass water all of the time. And I know it's been a long, long time. And I know it's been a week. And I know I've told you about it before. And I just want to tell you that you are safe. You are not alone. You are well and you are safe. So, I thank you on behalf of my family and I thank you on behalf of myself. 
[01:16:48] I just hope that you're going to have fun and I hope you're safe. I don't know what you're going to do to me. It's time. You ready for a drink, Eleanor Willis? 
[01:17:31] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Good evening, Mayor and Council. My name is Eleanor A. Willis. And I have lived in Harrisburg for 42-plus years. I would like to express my concern regarding the legal operation of the short term rental property exchanges or the B&L community. While I was 
[01:18:03] on the appeal of the short term, rentals for visitors and property owners were growing pressures that had serious negative impacts on revenues and neighborhoods like ours. Short term rentals reduced our ability of general general housing contributing to rising rents and making it increasingly difficult to rent all residents besides 
[01:18:33] affordable housing. Electricity frequently destroys our ability to noise issues over gasoline traffic problems to our town and around the specific community that permanent residents depend on. These properties are effectively operating as 
[01:19:04] unwarranted residential towns and residential communities. Without the same oversight safety and balance of our town and community. This place is an absolute burden on neighbors while maintaining high availability. That allows me to take my own action by shutting down local short term rentals until we have 
[01:19:34] a nature in place that is consistently in service and prioritizing housing policies that protect long term residents and their families. Our community should be pleased to live without having to work for short term visitors. Thank you. consideration. I hope you will take these concerns seriously and work towards solutions 
[01:20:08] that will sit regularly and preserve the character of our neighborhood, our geography, and our own community." Next 8.8 
[01:20:46] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:21:30] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:22:04] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:22:44] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:23:32] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:24:14] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:24:56] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:25:28] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:26:00] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:26:42] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:27:12] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:27:42] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:28:22] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:28:52] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:29:22] Next 8.8 Next 8.8 Next 8.8 
[01:30:00] they have said different things and different attitudes. But we as God says, if you preach this God has convicted you to stop preaching it. The reply was smashing, but they can't hear me. I don't hear you. That's what I'm gonna do now. 
[01:30:30] Hello everyone, and congratulations on the beginning of our hour to be working with you and to have you on this call for preparation today. I certainly feel those kids really, really are amazing. That's what college prep is all about. And that's what I hope to help you achieve. 
[01:31:02] The College Park Historical Society is on a mission to collect vintage and antique artifacts that showcase the history of College Park. And I am thrilled to invite you and all of your residents to be a part of the exciting journey. Antiques are 80 years old or more, while vintage items are generally considered to be 20 to 99 years old. We want them both. Your donations are tax deductible, and will be placed in consideration for the outcome 
[01:31:32] of College Park Museum, that is to be housed in Washington D.C. The items will be curated as two-year periods, showing as long as possible, based on the relics that we've collected. Governments will impose Women's Club Memorial Day, tax programs, business ads, etc. If you have it, we want it. We're here to celebrate the spirit of the city, and we want to make sure that all are represented. If you have any message for us, College Park Historical Society, with questions or questions, 
[01:32:06] this is a good time. And you can contact us via Facebook at collegeparkhistoric.org. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. So they're gone. Oh, they're gone. They're gone. That's all right. It's me. Oh, good evening. 
[01:32:52] How are you? I'm well, thanks. It's good. I'm just so grateful that we all gathered this week, so we all got to thank you. I want to ask each of you for the honor to speak this evening. I also want to acknowledge each of you for the work that you do serving this great city 
[01:33:25] of Charlottesville. Your efforts make this city visible. Your work, as shown by tonight, yesterday, and moving forward, not only within this metropolitan region, but nationally. That commitment is commendable. Thank you. 
[01:33:56] Speaking tonight as a proud member of SOAR, which means preserving history of the original African-Americans of Charlottesville Park. And I must also say, I'm a distant sister of that. It's a part of that history we're talking about. I'm a member of SOAR. I also stand here as someone whose roots are deeply embedded in this city. 
[01:34:32] Charlottesville Park is where I began. I am a sister of that, and contribute to the soul of this community, preserving this history of our roots and all that surrounds Charlottesville. Of our people, this is a testament to that. This city helped shape me, who I am, who I am today. 
[01:35:09] As you know, much of this historic African-American community of Charlottesville Park was dismantled due to, number one, urban renewal, and rehabilitation. And also, on top of all that, a backward expansion. It's something I'm doing for the future. We were blessed to see meaningful acknowledgment of the African-American's well-being and their legacy. 
[01:35:45] They were a group of folks who were displaced. Let me be clear and candid this evening. As members of SOAR, we are disappointed, and we have to admit it, by the recent breakdown in the communication. We have made multiple attempts to connect through phone calls, emails, and text messages 
[01:36:17] to discuss updates on projects decided in 2023. While we have been told by staff that someone will contact us shortly, that dialogue has not occurred. It has been quite difficult to receive difficult to obtain responses. We are in a time when a group of people has changed, 
[01:36:51] but a certain scope of communication has. Should I hope that means work? I am concerned. We have requested that a third party conduct updates on the current status of the work. Until recently, we believed we had a strong and productive relationship with the city. Our relationship now appears to have stalled. 
[01:37:24] But don't be surprised. We have actually asked that the city move forward. Beyond delays and uncertainty, we have requested that the city move forward. Why? Because the challenges exist. They should be addressed openly and straightforwardly. You are the leaders. I am the spokesman. 
[01:37:55] I would trust that we have achieved accountability and clear communication. That is our intent. To create communication moving forward, we respectfully request a brief update on the project, current status of the work, identification and identification of primary, sub-specific, and contact, and provide guidance on the specific needs bill 
[01:38:29] and the type of timelines where possible. A committee meeting should be held to work in collaboratively with the city's district committee to provide the information or support necessary to move this project forward. We trust the current status of the work. Thank you for your time and leadership and your considerable consideration. 
[01:39:00] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I would like to offer public comment. Anyone who wishes to speak can do so now. You have the right to speak. If you wish, we will proceed. 
[01:39:55] Thank you. 2016-2017, Washington, New York, Birmingham, Alabama, Bethlehem, Florida, 2018, New York, Ohio, New York, West Virginia, New York, Cleveland, Queens, Charleston, Rhode Island, Ohio, New Jersey, Washington, New York, Washington, Washington, New York, East Virginia, New York, Queens, 2016-2017. Medical Services, Medicaid, Acceleration Automation, Request for Group B, Daniel, Afton, and Boyce are top eight in the United States. They are the largest request for care in the United States. 
[01:40:27] The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are the top 20 places in the national services. Medicaid and Acceleration Automation are the last two approved, while we are in agreement, we are already. So we're going to do a T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24 for the purchase of a CD. The City of College College is the biggest provider of purchasing agreements. We've got the previous state of President's and the 1% request is the state of the state So we're going to do a T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24 for the purchase of a CD. 
[01:41:01] We have the Acceleration Automation Request to approve the cooperative agreement on E-13-23. We tell them we'll sell 30,000 patients with all our data, and we have a request for a CD and we have a request for a number of T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24. We have a request for a T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24. We will open up to one more case. This is a City of Colorado, Arizona, with an E-11-24. We have a request to submit to Welltown, a community manager, and we have the Acceleration Automation Request to approve the cooperative agreement. 
[01:41:33] We have the T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24 for the purchase of E-11-29. We have a request for a T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24, and we have a request for E-11-26. So we'll run our front line. Some towns aren't listed in the T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24, but I don't think it's a 12-mile or a 17-mile range anymore. I don't know. I think it's a 10-mile or a 10-mile. This is certainly well before its 19. The Acceleration Automation Request to bid on compulsion services and purchases for the E-19 are the ones that are building E-11-29 services, 
[01:42:06] and they're about $24,000. And they're $3,500, and they're running for $16.78. So we're going to place E-11-29, right? So we're going to change our transaction standards and we're going to place E-11-26, and we're going to expand our distribution of compulsion services and we're going to increase our extension of services. We're also going to buy the variance and we're going to change the consideration of the actual request for the T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E-24. So we're going to bid on E-11-26 and E-11-29. 
[01:42:38] So it's to touch on the power. Okay, and what was this rule, E-11-26? Okay, the power was $1,000,000 for the E-11-28, but for E-11-29, we're going to bid on E-11-29. What is the variation on the consideration of the T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E? The variation is on the exchange. Thank you for all of your comments and comments. Thank you very much. Okay, and we're going to move on. 
[01:43:09] This is the variation on the actual request for the T-C-L-A-T-B-L-E. We're going to bid on E-11-29. This is going to be the power of small capacity and we're going to bid on large capacity. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you guys for all of the discussion. I'm going to read a little bit of what was in the E-11-28 section. The E-11-28 section was E-11-28-6. It's kind of a combination of a ratio of E-11-28-6, 
[01:43:41] but just like that, we're going to come up with a number of different variations. We're going to look at the power of large capacity, and we're going to show you what we're looking at. So what we're going to do is we're going to use the power of large capacity and we're going to try and get a T-L-O-I-T-E-T-E-O-S. That is, we're going to use the T-L-O-I-T-E-T-E-O-S. And then we're going to try and get a T-L-O-I-T-E-T-E-O-S. That takes the influence of the actual request for the T-L-O-I-T-E-T-E-O-S. Now, that's a discussion. 
[01:44:12] To note, $100,000, that's the observation. That's not crazy amount of money that's being asked for to work on T-L-O-I-T-E-O-S. At this point, I realize we've kind of done too much. I'm not here to be bothered by any of that, but let me just make the figures out, and enunciate as I go through. So, in terms of the total amount of funds, both those who sign the T-L-O-I-T-E-E-Os, that increases at 30 percent of what you spent. And in addition, above that is the average paying of the individual employees who are posted with those workers. 
[01:44:42] So, at the financial report that I'm posting today is presented to you in a very special way. You have a number of working organizations that not only respond responsibly, but also are very, very good. So, if you look at the other organizations, I just want to make sure that we're getting to you in special. Where's my calculator? Oh, there's a calculator. Oh, there it is. Let me see that one. Oh, there it is. 
[01:45:12] So, the general issue that I'm trying to address today is the question of policy. There's multiple ways in which cities purchase and parcel works of policy. The three that I want to go over would be primary education, primary collaboration, and secondary policy development. And I think I'm saying that in a very simple way. The four organizations that I listed are the U.S. Food and Water Administration, the U.S. Food and Water Agency, and all of Mr. Yates. Mr. Yates, if you have any information 
[01:45:43] on what the cities are doing on waste dollars, the food, the building, the cars, what kind of development is not taking into account what those cities are doing, that would be very helpful. That would be very significant. And I just want to make sure that you see this. I did see that. Well, the U.S. Food and Water Administration worked out a number of issues that I was concerned about. One of them is selling food. 
[01:46:14] There's a number of things that we're doing on waste money, on the car. So, because we have to bridge so many cities between the gods, which I call the gods, and I don't know if you've seen it, but there is a number of current deals that are going on in the United States and in the U.S. that are all getting together. And I just want to make sure that we have the data so that we can see what's happening. 
[01:46:44] Why are we in a dark time in the world? You know, people, they talk about how great it is to be doing the right thing and doing the right thing. You know, I personally understand the need for the increase. My question was, because of this market that we're going through, is this really a great thing? Is this increased the value we're going to have to our policy in the next few years? Because this would be 
[01:47:14] a global change. So, my question to my colleagues is, is it positive? Do we want to look at it that way? Because this is going to have to our own balance for each other. The threshold that we want to go to is something different than that. That's not right. So, of course, we have to ask our own evaluation to make sure that we're on the right track. So, it's a question that we should ask each other. 
[01:47:44] You know, I don't think that's a good way to change the balance that we should be making. You know, I think that the way that we should be making is that we should be making a balance that's not going to be too high. And, you know, I think that's a good way to 
[01:48:14] make that balance that we should be making. And, we should make a balance that's not going to be too high. And, we should make a balance that's not going to be too high. And, 
[01:48:44] we should make a balance that's not going  
[01:49:20]  
[01:49:50] to be too high. Looking at the business that we have in the city, the process of making money for a lot of towns is, you know, it just takes a longer time to approve certain invoices. And we've been able to do that. I know this is not a new process. I think I know the problem. It's increased. I think the question is, is this business what we want? 
[01:50:22] Because we are going to have to go through, this is not going to be a road to a goal. It's going to take a lot of weeks in order to correct. Obviously, it's not a new practice. It's not going to be the kind of new solution that we're going to have. It's going to take a long time. It takes a certain amount of time. So we're going to have to go through a road 
[01:50:54] to a goal. I mean, I think, as I was talking about it, you know, the policy that we've got in the city is, you know, is that we're going to need more than really a kind of a balance. And we've been able to do a lot of work, but we were really thinking about it as a kind of threshold. It is the reality that we might not be successful at that. And it is the reality that there's a lot of things that we can use as an excuse 
[01:51:28] to go." So you walk down the street, somebody's cheating on you. We can take a quick picture, you walk and see and we have a great battle. Such who are you running towards? And you've played great攻城, 
[01:52:00] do you feel that responsibility? And the rest of the people are like will you run to me? The other one is just how would you like to offer your customer service? That's the problem I think There's so many different generations I'm worried it's because you're more young than you also have motivation etc. Exactly! The risk comes and it so much that these people rise because, you know, all these different countries for technology their checklist will be how do you train your customer? It's like that kind of policy is very easy to follow and most of the time we see is that we are running and chasing like three or five more people. 
[01:52:35] We don't have the same kind of policies or policy balance. Is there a reason you have to take the advent of the internet? Well, I'm not sure if it's what I want to do if it's what's like the goal I want to do but if you have to get out of the internet you have to get out of the internet. The only reason you chase is because it's not it's just a whole lot longer and it's impossible to get out of the internet. I don't think there's a reason why you shouldn't take the advent of the internet. The only reason you follow those three verses is because you're not interested in technology. 
[01:53:09] I mean in terms of what you do and the expression what you do is you do it in a safe way. If you're going to chase three points up to a thousand dollars and they happen to be twenty five dollars. There is no degree of discretion in that. There is very much a different excuse that you have expressively in term in ten percent of the people say oh so why would we um is it bad if it be ten-thousand dollars. Oh that's 
[01:53:41] a lot ofärea in these situations I do understand where you're coming from because we do have to do in this shop about but this is the state legislature's um authority to uphold  they have in force because I know the vote vote is in order. I'm not the group is not the state to put a grand I'm fine with a twenty-five thousand. I just don't because we realize that if we do have a community case um we don't have to be 
[01:54:11] down to the same point. I'm so sorry I just noticed it's just evaluated as twenty-five over one and if it is I'm fine with it. Then it doesn't mean it needs to be what the state needs. But um however um but um um I I think um the question is whether or not we we we we need to consider whether or not we we have all of all the expenditures and all the jobs or their 
[01:54:41] products and services. So now the question is is if twenty-five is number is a number  
[01:55:19]  
[01:55:49]  
[01:56:19]  
[01:56:49]  
[01:57:19]  
[01:57:49]  
[01:58:19]   
[01:59:19]  
[01:59:49] we would we would be we would be a lower number for twenty-five close off It's more than six weeks, but the point is that regardless, we just have to continue to go with what the rule is, the rule of law, and continue to do what we have to do. So basically what we're just saying now is we're just going to wind up at seven. We can still end up at the same location in six weeks. 
[02:00:29] We don't have a whole lot of time to tell you what the plan is. I know a lot of you are going to say, well, why don't we get ready for more flexibility? And the answer to that is basically we have more options. As far as coming up in a process of change, we just want to change in a couple of years from now. We don't want to just keep changing. We know that. We don't want to just keep changing. We don't want to allow things to get harder. 
[02:01:01] We don't want things to get better. We don't want to keep changing. We just want to continue. There's a question over there. There's a question in the chat box. There's a question in the chat box. 
[02:01:32] I think it's important to note, especially if this proposal is going to be raised by a member of the Board of Coordinators or a retiree, that we have always been involved with the city managers. The retairee could have been participating on a lot of different projects, but sitting down and talking to the Board of Supervisors, I think it's one of the factors that have led to that. The other question is how observable is the proposal and is it reliable? 
[02:02:03] The other question I have is how observable is the proposal and is it reliable? That is really the stuff we don't know about. Harriet, please start. Do you want to preface this? No, no, I'm saying that we don't have to do that. You know, what Councilor Archibald had to do, what Councilor O'Rourke had to do, the challenges and all the different things that we deal with, we don't have to wait six weeks for a trial. We wait until we can adjust. It's a good decision to move this forward. 
[02:02:36] Any further discussion? Thank you. We'll close the meeting. Yes, please. I'm Janet, Information and Information Overview. I'm a member of the Board of Supervisors. I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. I have a number 2 licensee, so I'm a very good patient and a patient of all the Board of Supervisors. I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. I'm a board member of the Board of Supervisors. 
[02:04:35] And I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. Thank you. And I'm a patient of the Board of Supervisors. So, both of these work together. And we're talking about a long-term state. But in this situation, it's all about really decreasing the distance test or restaurant based tests that we use basically as school-based tests. Because we're in public, we're out there. So, what I mean is, 
[02:05:06] what I mean is that we have the data, we have the data, and I think that there are no risks. And all of these tests, like we talked about before, should be held close to a school or place of worship, or a public library, or a school, or a clinic. And I'm not at all comfortable with this particular orderly exchange. And I don't know if you know this, 
[02:05:36] or maybe you've heard me talk about this before, but there are a lot of patients, a majority of patients, who are being evaluated as being obese. So, I think it's close to a place of worship, where it's the right, where it's the right to be served. So, right now, the state allows Westbridge to turn nearby 
[02:06:08] a hard liquor, which is 100 yards. This is a public park. It requires 200 yards. But then why would it, why would they just make 200 yards at the state? The more, the more, the better. It's not close to a library, or a clinic, or a state. 
[02:06:38] It can be city. It can be people. These are things that will also surprise. Otherwise, there will be businesses that will celebrate as long as they are receiving services that they deserve. So, remember that. It's very exciting. And this will now require the technology to also engage in this. This is visible. So, this is a new business, a new direction, that Westbridge has now established. 
[02:07:08] And so, what I need, that's what I need. So, what I want to talk about is how we have to work to get that technology established and get that technology engaged. So, to give you an example, Elk Grove Parks and Recreation Society needs to avoid Elk Grove, Eastbridge, as a matter of fact. Right? Eastbridge, in the case of Eastbridge, or Elk Grove, in Elk Grove, 
[02:07:38] in the case of Westbridge, it will be changed. What do you think? I think it's a good idea. I think so. I think it would be a good idea. It makes it easier for the government to ensure direction. So, maybe we can turn Elk Grove into the agency that serves businesses around the world. And, you know, we have a lot of customers 
[02:08:09] who say to me, well, I need this right now. And, you know, we have to do right now. So, right now, the government is making changes in the park. And, what changes, what will change in the park is the technology that we are ensuring to be surrounding the businesses around the world. I think that's a good idea. Okay. Well, I think that's a good idea. Okay. So, what are some of the things that are on the floor 
[02:08:39] right now that are slowing 200 yards from us as we move? I am not certain at all how I can get a license. This is a lot of people in thousands and millions of places that, right now, that cannot serve would be able to serve. But, with all the technology that we have 
[02:09:09] and how we have been able to make sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are  
[02:10:00] My child is coming out of school, or my students are coming out of school, and they are a hundred to fifty yards away from a place that has alcohol and beverages. I don't care that it's not a liquor store. You don't have to go to a liquor store to bring the beer home with them. People who drink at a restaurant can't leave talk of consumption. So, I have an issue with this. And I'm just going to voice my opinion on it, whether it's popular or not. 
[02:10:33] Basically, morally, spiritually, I don't have a serious problem with it. The fact is, the amount of space that we have in our community, the size of our school, the church, and the library, from any establishment, deserves alcohol and beverages. And since we don't have that at this moment, I just believe we are a place that's up to now safe. Businesses will come and they will locate themselves within fifty yards from a library, a park, or a school. 
[02:11:07] Because, apparently, we don't have that right now, because they knew they had to be hundred or whatever more yards from it. I don't think that we need to talk about the initiatives we have. Because you can't stop it. I don't know about you, but I agree that there is a way to stop it. And that's what we have to do. The initiative that we should have, I don't know that we have it in the top of the list. 
[02:11:38] Many of us have at least three dozen or more, but we don't call them the V.I.P.s that are involved. You see, there is not maximum reachability in alcohol. But, of all the work there is of love for theater, we are guaranteed to do the work of reaching out with alcohol. There is not, in a sense, a risk-prevention, risk-quarantine, without the need to risk any harm to the people's interests. 
[02:12:17] The need, I can tell you, I can tell you, because it is a long and hard way of working. I don't know, but it's basically, and I can say it, basically, a workhorse of alcohol. The second issue that there is, when we talk about the V.I.P.s that are involved in theater, I don't know how long they have been involved in theater. In the 2000s, as it turned out, as it turns out clearly now, 
[02:12:48] the V.I.P.s have been involved in theater since the mid-1940s. So, we have to talk about working with the V.I.P.s. So, how do we do that? The V.I.P.s, they don't just write a lot about changing the business. They still reach out. They go back and forth. They talk to the V.I.P.s. They talk to the V.I.P.s. They have to work. They have to go back and forth. They have to go back and forth. So, we have a lot of V.I.P.s working with the V.I.P.s. 
[02:13:19] We have a lot of work with the V.I.P.s. We have a lot of work with the V.I.P.s. And we have a lot of work with the V.I.P.s. We have a lot of V.I.P.s. But the V.I.P.s, as we see here, we're mostly interested in Western arts and theater, and what we're working with, and we're saying, go ahead and play this. The V.I.P.s, they should be involved in theater. They should be in the V.I.P.s. I don't know. 
[02:13:49] You think? I don't know. But I would like to know the V.I.P.s. I would like to know the V.I.P.s. because I think they're a very good expression of what we're doing. So, why do I think I should be involved with this? Why do I think I should be involved? Because they're the V.I.P.s, and I don't know if they have anything or don't have anything that they are interested in. They should be involved. They should get part of the effort to gain some momentum. But, 
[02:14:19] as far as them is concerned, I think that they should try to  more and they should try to work better together and have greater number, participation in music and opportunity to grow in our life 樣 和 何 朋友 勝 
[02:15:43] 我 我 我想 說 哦 , okay, I have to answer , I have to talk about what's wrong with the person that I see because maybe they're concerned they don't get the right to know because they're coming from school and trying to figure out what's not so much about her. My concern was with the person that leaves all of that establishment. 
[02:16:16] And I'm so close to the person that I want and so close to my comfort to this moment. So, I just want to say yes, yes, yes, put in, make sure that they are the kids. But also, one about the person that comes up is staggering tall and yes, I don't feel that way. And if I'm looking for someone who doesn't feel that way, I don't feel that way. 
[02:16:46] They have to always bring out a part of yourself that you might not even need to see. I've seen young people pulling their clothes off. I've seen a lot of young people that I would say they don't care about what it is that they're doing at school. They don't care about that. They don't care about that. I think this is very important. This is very serious. 
[02:17:16] We have to be responsible for the way we grow up at the same time. You know, we've got to make sure that we are responsible. And you know, we have to be we have to be responsible. You know, we shouldn't be you know, we shouldn't be carrying out what we're told to do to our kids. You know, we have to be able to make sure that that's the way that we are and that's the way that we are 
[02:17:46] working for the world. I don't know how to say it. I think that's the most important thing that we have to do. So, I think that we have to make sure that we are responsible for what we're doing and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school 
[02:18:16] and what we are doing at school. We have to make sure that we are responsible for what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school. I think that's the most important thing that we have to do and that's the most 
[02:18:46] important thing that we have to do at school and what we are doing at school. I think that's the most important thing that we have to do at school and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school. I think that's 
[02:19:16] the most important thing that we have to do at school and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school and what we are doing at school. I think that's the most 
[02:19:46] important thing that we have to do at school and what we are doing at school. especially in a lot of other spots, right? Those works of art typically learn the way that my wife learned about the way that she knew about art forms. Often, it's hard, you know, in those parts of the country 
[02:20:16] to be able to receive works of art, so for example, when we're researching work, and when people talk about art, a lot of it is easy to see as well, and it's hard to see bigger businesses and so on, but we often have to come to our senses and we want to be able to get work that is not being placed on people, and especially in the country, and we want to be able to go out and receive it. There are a number of works of art that are well-known still, 
[02:20:47] and we don't want that to be obscurity. We want to be able to go out and talk about art, and we don't want to use it as a tool, we want to use it as a weapon, and so, things move along, and more and more works of art are being surveyed. Huge, potentially large, are noted, so it's not easy to be able to get those. 
[02:21:17] Plus, mostly for us, and for the area, and for IDU, since we have the separation of the lands, and so on and so forth, we're called by the separation agency, the separation agency. Is it definitionally speaking, or are there correlations? Well, the separation agency is made in China, it's not developed here, and again, the subject, 
[02:21:49] all of it, all situations, we have made public documents in Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China, China, Hong Kong, that this violation of national security laws may have been a great blow, and some of that information, and those were violations of national security law, and so on and so forth, and we've all, all of those, and many of those, as a way of getting out of it, getting out of violation, is one way of doing it. 
[02:22:19] The other thing that, so the other one, the 100 yards, I had four or five, that was, we can do that each, each way, and, and I think that's a great situation, and I'm sure you all agree, and we should do that again, but, because it's a situation, all, these situations, not all situations, are, are, a lot of, a lot of conflicts, are created in the way that, that I'm concerned about, and some of these are, perhaps, 
[02:22:50] not that important, but I wish I could mention the Martin Luther King's violation, the, the Martin Luther King's violation, to cut the state, the U.S. law, and, some of the law, and those laws, that is, that we know, some of the laws, and those laws, that, that is, you know, some type of, public policy, that we have today, and we see, I should say, through all of those laws, and the Congress, the Congress know, the Congress know, certanly myself, 
[02:23:20] kind of moved about, on the issue. This is really a, a, this is, this is, this is really, a, wait hold on, hold on, wait, wait, I, I, what I'm trying to avoid, slapping it unbolied, I, what it was, and what I wanted to do, and if it's operating in the city unaccompanied, and has the wrong type of position, because it, what I wish, and that's so , we need to be specific about, what are our priorities, what are our targets, what are our visions, 
[02:23:51] what are our objectives, specifically, how we're jumping this, and all of those things, and we have to be specific, if this body, wants to be in this legislation, or to be, or has a plan, that level of, I think, this, this public questioning, what this body actually needs, is a government of the right, to go further away from it, from where it's located, and go to a different kind of age, and understand that there are, 
[02:24:23] different kinds of, threats, that are, that are going to be explosion-prone, only now, I don't believe, the way I know, but, so, because we're all, I don't know, obviously, trying to, to, exploit, businesses, that are within 100 yards, of the, elementary or middle school, high school age, 
[02:24:53] and also, to simplify for, services, underage, teenagers, or young adults, and, okay, what about reading time? Yes, by the way, all right, just a reminder, okay, thank you, I just, I just, kind of, want to be a little bit more transparent, see, I think, I, I have a question, when we try to take into, ordinary, I don't know, in terms of the work that we're doing, in the city, 
[02:25:23] because we haven't really, wanted to take a listen, to some of the experiences, that we are trying to take into, our work day, so, I guess the question is, what kind of answers could be, what businesses, are there right now, that want to come to the city of Pittsburgh, or currently here, that are within, or are less than a hundred yards, away, that don't meet some current ordinance? 
[02:25:55] Because, I would rather, look at a council, as maybe creating a situation, where there's a waiver, but not changing an entire ordinance, because there's two different things, that I want to do, or one business, that's trying to get a pipeline, beverage license, that is less than 200 yards from the city, we have to try to come up with something, that we can't do, we can't do, and we have to change an entire, 
[02:26:27] ordinance, because there's one particular project, that some people are doing, that we have to do with transparency, so we're trying to understand, why at this point in time, we have to change an entire ordinance, to accommodate a business, why don't we talk about accommodating the business, or the businesses that are involved in this, in such a way that we can, do something else to get it, where we ask the school, are you okay, 
[02:26:57] with doing this kind of thing? A hundred and fifty yards, don't always come up with one spot, that sells alcoholic beverages, and an entire ordinance, that we have to do now, and we have to go forward to do that right now, and I don't want to take yards, I don't want to think we're doing this, but we have to stop now, and we have to do this, so we can wait it, let's go a hundred yards, 
[02:27:29] we just don't come in here and set up restaurants, let's just do it, we have to do this, because it takes years, let's do it now, and who is going to do this, if you have a hundred yards, and you don't do it, and you don't do it, and what do you do for four months, and how do you get your second wave, and what do you do? We have to ask what we can make of this, to stay true to our rules, and I don't mean, we get those rules as hard, 
[02:28:00] like we need to have, a couple of people, and so, I don't, need to take the risk, but what it means, is that we're in the same place, that we were the first world, and every, it doesn't have to be, we are going, we can't go in a hurry, we need to make it, we don't see the right way, and we have to do it, and we have to be rational, and we have to do it, because we're in a place, where we don't see the power of this, 
[02:28:30] we have to not turn to the left, but on a daily basis, and allow the government, in this place to come down, and it takes some time, to become aware, and we do it, most of us have to wait, to find something, and we don't tell the economy, to make a new rule, and that's not, the power of the policy, the power of the government, is always able, we don't say, well, we have to get back, to the government, right now, we should also, this is important, we are on our rules, 
[02:29:01] we should understand, that we can't, hold lower, fiscal, financial, rising money, that's not right, we need to, we need to understand, we are on our rules, and we have to do it, and we have to, not do it, not do this, even if it doesn't start, so, the way we do it, the way I think, I'm not aware, of how to do it, that's not working, so I don't know, what I have to do, I have to speak, but, it's very difficult, 
[02:29:31] because, we are not, at the moment, but when we have, a government, that the government, should be, we should make it, as high, as we want, but, we should be, a government, that's there, so, this is the good news, right now, I would just like, to suggest, that those, advocates, in the world, don't, get past, the world, of our, basic, income ratio, on a day to day, basis, but, the economy, is going, on a day, to day, We wanted to make music, because we thought we had a lot of people that wanted to come back. 
[02:30:06] We wanted to show them that we could do something really fast. We wanted to make this, you know, sort of like a repeat of the old song, but we wanted to make it kind of a single-channel story, and we were doing it all at the same time, specifically. And, you know, we didn't really need any changes. It was a whiteboard, and it just really, really, really, you know, a lot better than the old one. So, we asked for it to be a part of a little tape that we had for clearance, 
[02:30:36] that, you know, we could, you know, follow, but it had to be distance. Changing the distance to that note was a lot of work, and it was messy. It was probably, I don't know, a couple weeks, or probably, you know, a couple weeks, a couple days, it didn't belong to it. It was already done. It just didn't seem to work. And the other part of it, and I think you can see me now, is that we are a very, very small, 
[02:31:08] we call it a tape machine, and the design of it is, well, you know, it takes a lot of talking to talk about it. So, if you don't want to, you know, you don't want to have to go to space to deal with, I don't know, to think about how to do it, you've got to do it to the world first. So, you've got to go to space. 
[02:31:38] But, you know, it's, you know, it's a good thing, you know, if you can talk about it, and you can also go to space to do it. It's a very important thing to do. Okay. Well, there was never a certain kind of way to do it, and that's just a, you know, it's a very, you know, we are very wise, it's just a very, you know, 
[02:32:08] one thing to do, you know, if you think, you know, you know, you know, and if it takes more time, and, you know, you do it better. And, you know, there is, there is something like, you know, I know, I know there is something that is called interfaces. Interfacing, especially, when you're talking about alpha, if I'm going to pass interface, for our, our navigation, the interface for this thing, is to fully prepare your聊chics, 
[02:32:39] and you bring the聊chic, and you're, you're serious. You don't, when you're engaging with your聊chics, you're going to talk about interface, so you're going to, you know, you know, how, how, you know, you're going to see your navigation is going to pass and you're going to be able to speak to your, your speaker and say, hey, you're going to be able to speak to this. And we, we have models 
[02:33:09] that if we use our communication and our communication models, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, 
[02:33:39] if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if.  and also thinking, thinking. Like 360 360 degrees draws draws restaurant restaurants just like restaurants just like fancy fancy fancy fancy at use 
[02:34:09] a system looks looks looks looks doesn't doesn't doesn't 
[02:34:39] doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't 
[02:35:09] doesn't doesn't doesn't 
[02:35:43] doesn't doesn't 
[02:36:17] doesn't doesn't 
[02:36:48] doesn't doesn't 
[02:37:21] doesn't doesn't 
[02:37:53] doesn't doesn't 
[02:38:34] doesn't doesn't 
[02:39:18] doesn't doesn't 
[02:39:52] doesn't Hiding theylem, many-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-in Helping trail, now coming home, 
[02:40:24] N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-normaL Do a-n-n-d, n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-nin-a-n-n-n-n-g, n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-s Ten networking, taking hertlem Ten red-pan-dependents Ten way-ih-i-oh-oh-o-o-oh-oh Thank you. But uhm, These actual people who work Wall-Street CityCoop, CityCountry, 
[02:40:57] um, not from the Waller her till they can. Yeah, The lockdown... Is kind of like a separation of work, in terms of the other jobs I shall answer. And, That it interesting. So, While we're here at the studio, we also have to talk about the wealth of Policykerky's inclusiveness that they see um, both in the Washington D.C. and also across the D.C. as well as the D.C. itself. So, we have some reach, 
[02:41:27] uh, as a whole country. Most likely, in the area I'm concerned. So, we'll have to see. But, rather than worry, um, about what, we will open to the idea that there's a lot of work out in this country. So, The 24-hour lockdown is falling. Um, And, uh, I hope it's better shape than it is. We should be following what they uh, what they should be doing. We should be moving to a smarter state. 
[02:41:57] Um, But also, means that, for instance, the D.C., we have to go back and we need to come out to the D.C. So, we have to go back. Um, Mama, I will forgive you. Fuck me! And, well... You raised me and me raised ya, don't tell me to go home. Because, we are going. You got too young. But it's I know... 
[02:42:28] Basically, there's no work. The work we can do in this country is not going to give you anything anytime tomorrow, but it's 24 hours now so, I should go. Well, so, we don't have work to do. Well, sure. Well, I'll seriously ask you to wait a second. Because, I know you will really miss meeting by chance if you keep waiting 24 hours. Well, I'm so sorry. But, I'm still teaching 
[02:42:58] you to do that meeting in person every day. So, I'm not there. So, it's no fun to waste time in acting in the  
[02:43:39]  
[02:44:09]  
[02:44:39]  
[02:45:09]  
[02:45:39]  
[02:46:09]  
[02:46:39] way you do. So, I'm sorry to keep waiting. Our first budget commissioning is live. And, it's very exciting because it's happening as soon as the deadline goes rolling in. You can visit mayorbiolo.com for class budgeting to learn all how to submit your budget submissions by the end of January 14th they'll be holding in the office now. So, before I come with the deadline to 
[02:47:09] submit my budget I want to say on behalf of the $25,000 Community Enhancement Fund, you're invited to come with us on our budget. So, if you see something in your community that you feel like needs refixed or improved or upgraded please reach out to us at the forum online because we'll talk about it to our class commission. So, before you leave today I have to call you up. So, if you 
[02:47:39] are interested in serving on the ball court, please reach out to me. And, you can email me at the office part on behalf of the community enhancement fund. So, before I leave today, I want to say on behalf of the Community Enhancement Fund, I want to say on behalf of the Community Enhancement Fund, I want to say on behalf of the Community Enhancement Fund, that we  your support. We were a little 
[02:48:09] surprised by the number of business owners. But, we appreciate it. There was a really, really outstanding engagement with business owners in the GFC office part. And, hopefully, we'll be able to see some of their interventions even outside of that ball court. Looking forward to hopefully building additional relationships with some of the business owners there. And, I want to thank you for your support. You are a very special friend and family. I really appreciate it. And, as a part of the 2026 Georgia 
[02:48:40] Legislative Session, I want to thank the GFC Business Owners Association. I'm really excited about some of the bills that the legislature is proposing and waiting for to be passed. Two, we have a bill that was passed on the 11th of October of 2016. That was about the partnership and market equalization act of 2027. And, we  
[02:49:34] will continue to hear about some of the bills that the legislature is proposing and waiting for to be passed. Three, we have a bill that was passed on the 11th of October of 2016. That was about the partnership and market equalization act of 2027. And, we will continue to hear about some of the bills that the legislature is proposing and waiting for to be passed on the 11th And last week, I went to Washington, D.C. to address the leaders of the federal government. 
[02:50:11] And I've been doing that in a virtual format. It has been so nice to meet with most of the members of this office. We met with FEMA, we met with the U.S. Department of Transportation, we met with the Chairman of the NCC, we were talking a little bit about who's going to be taking responsibility across the country, all the way to New York. And we talked a lot about challenges, because as you know, they hit doors very hard. 
[02:50:42] And the kind of recovery that once they leave the city's doors, that's been a real challenge for many of the things that we've been working through so far. I want you to know that this is a small meeting where we have not had the opportunity to have residents e-mail to the administration. I do not support changes that make it harder for our stakeholders to be heard. This is a policy that represents a legal way for the federal government and the local government 
[02:51:17] to make it easier for us to be considered. Because I know that there are a lot of folks who want to participate in our process, who want to learn about how to be accountable. This is a legal institution to be able to voice our concerns. And I think that we should always err on the side of making sure that we have accessibility for people to participate in our accountability. Thank you, everybody. 
[02:51:47] Okay, thank you. Thank you, Tom. I'm going to stop for a few minutes and then we'll finish with the panel. I want to give a little example of what it looks like for meeting to grant federal legislation and us getting one another input on the kind of things that can be very, very healthy, and that can be accommodative, and that we feel really good about what we are doing here and doing housework there. This is a history month, and this has been built in the vision, the scholarship, the 
[02:52:21] historian, the philosophy, the belief, the understanding, the self-awareness, the knowledge, and the contributions of all its people. And as I said, these people worked in establishing Negro history. We've done this before. That the human culture and the specialties of African Americans largely, that were largely excluded from textbooks and public scholarship were recognized. We had a week of study and reflection, and usually the representation of some knowledge 
[02:52:57] which is recognized, not this year, but we're glad that we have it today. But on today, we have a discussion that's actually based on what is designated this month as Negro history month. This Black History Month, not just in history, but in history. Black History Month is part of the contributions of African Americans to education, science, government, arts, military service, and the future. We work to strengthen our nation, not just to keep the promise, but to help it. 
[02:53:32] So I want to wish everyone a wonderful Black History Month as we go through this month. I want to ask you to do an investigation and learn something that you didn't know already about Black History Month in history. So that's what we're going to do. We're only announcing this in a video that you're going to see. We're getting ready to do workshops throughout the city of College Park, beginning next Tuesday, 
[02:54:02] Wednesday. On Saturday, because Valentine's Day, I think we'll be working with the war corps and the police officers for that wonderful event that we're going to be doing. But we will be keeping ourselves safe and coming to you with a hug kiss. And I want to ask you all to get your fingers together and tell me if you've played the last two minutes. This is Dr. Janelle McKenzie with my In the Mood segment. 
[02:54:33] 2026 Updates, Black History Month. Thank you. This is Dr. Janelle McKenzie with my In the Mood segment, 2026 Updates, Black History Month. 
[02:55:05] I thank everyone who attended our community virtual Q&A session on Saturday. Meet us this Friday for our first community-wide give-back of the year. Thank you to our clients for hosting this with me. Thank you to the sponsors who owned it in the city. Thank you to Gifts, Amazon, Walmart, and everyone who's come together to make this a day to remember. On February 12th, we'll be holding our very first Business Connect Networking Event on Tuesday. 
[02:55:39] College Park Main Street Association. This is a great opportunity for us to hear from our business partners and together fill College Park's debt. And don't forget to mark your calendar to attend our state of awards for this year. It's going to be epic. We close tonight with a shout-out to Dean Eleanor Willis, Mr. Mario Malcolm of our new Civic Advisory Board, who went on a visit to the city capitol last week, hosted by Representative Kim Spokiel. 
[02:56:13] College Park, College Park, College Park, we're so proud of you. 
[02:57:18] We are and are proud to support this organization's response to the impact of COVID-19, and I say thank you to our community. With Meets, this will be a day to remind one another about each role being responsible for the quality of College Park's social media. As you may have seen last week, the scheduling of the event was incredibly tight. 
[02:57:52] We had a lot of fun at College Park. We had a lot of fun at College Park. A lot of participants came in. The reason we had so many people came in was to help people manage stress. We had a lot of fun at the College Park. We had a lot of fun at the College Park. I think that's one of the big parts of our mission, and our mission's culture, is making the college community a little bit more accessible. This was a tough last night, but I'll say that again. 
[02:58:26] I think we had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun. Whatever you... Whatever you can't... It's one of the... the pe Faculty, right? They are experienced. No matter what you're asking, always be,"I'm going to say it. What can I make of this?" Well, I think we shared a similar way of thinking. Similar way of thinking, but I don't know the cultivated thing that our young people actually see. 
[02:59:02] I would say, it was very hard work. And it's not a lot of work, I think. And there's a lot of... And I think it's... And I'm proud to say, for example, that in my life, you know, we've been through a lot of work. And a lot of our young people, they have a vision and they have a goal. And what we've done is... we've been kind of a model for a lot of people. And also, we've been kind of a model to the rest of the world. 
[02:59:32] You know, I think a lot of young people feel the same way. And I think a lot of young people feel the same way. And it was very hard, because there was a time when we had to be very careful with the kids. And we had to... The longer you're out in the middle of the city, the better it is for you. And... and I was very proud when I was a kid, and I was telling my mother, and she told me, when you go out on the streets, you have to be so strong, you have to show up, you have to show up. It was quite a while, and so what? 
[03:00:03] But there was something else. I had a message. I wrote that as a pre-proclaimer. For the first week, the government was coming down the road. We sat down and we felt that we should always do our own work. Go with the government. Go with the policies. Go with the president. Go with the people. Go with the government. Because we had to work as well. But I had a message that I wanted to convey. It's short. It's short overall. Thank you. 
[03:00:33] Last week, I had the opportunity to participate in a self-fulfilling school association meeting where we had a group of folks from TRTC share information about the work or the challenges and the impact that the communities have had so far in 2020. And so that was fun. One of the most important takeaways from that meeting was how healthy are our communities and how healthy are our schools? 
[03:01:05] And that community council, you know, the issue to our council, how we treat the community members, is a significantly lower contribution than you think of for a community college. Right? Whereas, where I'm from, we don't want this to continue. And so, you know, I think that was a big part of what we said. And how much of the jobs that we've done and where there are increases, 
[03:01:35] including here in College Park, the increase directly over the past decade, to the point where, if you will, over several more years, we've seen a significant increase in this. So, our councils in College Park, and I'm concerned that the health part of the meeting, I think, one of the things that we should all be aware of, or at least always need to be aware of, is people should compete for their income 
[03:02:08] or child safety. And that's interesting. I know that, you know, where I was first at the meeting, health, health alone, is $423,000. And when you count it, you are both over $43,000. I think that's a big, big deal. It's absolutely a problem. And I will say, we take the passion we take when we're here at the institution, we're a team working with you, 
[03:02:38] so we can help you do this. The reason why I'm not a part of it, but, you know, the jobs in College Park, the jobs in College Park, are lower wages, lower wages in the industry, and higher accommodation in health services. And, of course, it would be a great opportunity for you guys to be in the workforce, but also, I think, it would be a great place for us to find a way to work to our current needs. We also, 
[03:03:08] the staff, the local, the local, the local communities, the local advocacy, the local advocacy population, the higher birth rates, the higher the safety, the safer we will be. And these things are basically what the requirements are of a quality of a health care, a health professional, a health service, and an economic mobility. The reason why I think it's going to be 
[03:03:39] such a high priority for local and local communities, I think, is because of the transportation and the road, the travel, the work, both of which require the work of our region here in College Park. And, I think, we have a conversation to be having with our city and the world. So, you've got, of course, obviously, the usual advice that you're given is that, well, you need to be supportive of the work that you do, 
[03:04:09] be supportive of what you're doing, what you're doing as a community, what you're doing as a nation, as a nation. And, I hope to point that word in a way that allows you to be supportive of what you're doing. And, I don't know how many really know or people know this, but there is a very well-known saying in my area that, you know, you're doing great. You're speaking to your patients 
[03:04:39] and your residents. But, you know, you're out there doing the things that you're doing and you're doing the sort of things that you do that allow you to be the person that you are. And, over the years, because we had a problem where we were not able to see the change that we were being brought about 
[03:05:09] because we didn't know how to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, we were 
[03:05:39]  
[03:06:09]  
[03:06:39]  
[03:07:09]  
[03:07:40] trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, 
[03:08:10] we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. 
[03:08:40] And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed 
[03:09:10] to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that 
[03:09:40] we were supposed to be doing. And, so, we were trying to do the things that we were supposed to be doing. And, so, and we have to remember that we're all in this together. We can't remember clearly, but we can see. And you're not alone. We're all in this together. 
[03:10:10] And we're all in this going through this together.