
[0:03] Good evening. Welcome to the regularly scheduled session of mayor and city council of the city of College Park. I'm Mayor Bianca Mly Broom. We have a full quorum present with council members McKenzie K Arnold and Gay. And so at 8:02 p.m. I will call the meeting to order. The first item on the agenda is the pledge of allegiance. flag and United States of America. 
[0:55] Good evening, Mayor and City Council. Mr. Let us pray. Most holy father, God of our creation, we gather in humble submission to thank you for your goodness, mercy, and grace. As we pray for the success and well-being of the city and its governmental body, we acknowledge you as 
[1:25] Lord and as the master decision maker for everything in our lives. I pray for wisdom as our mayor, city council, city manager, department heads, and other leaders make decisions that benefit our city. I pray that they seek you in all of their ways so that you may direct their path. And we are thankful for your directions. May may this council maintain standards of love, honor, and respect as they 
[1:58] collaborate with each other and with other state and local officials. Thank you that they have courage to make difficult decisions and that they operate in intelligence and integrity as they serve with honesty and justice. I pray for their protection and they will that they will prosper and be in good health. We give you glory and honor for all things in Jesus name we pray. Amen. >> Amen. Ladies and gentlemen, if you 
[2:29] wouldn't mind turning any cell phones or any mobile devices to silence. Thank you so much. >> Good evening, mayor, city council, city manager, city clerk, and our wonderful city of College Park City. I'll be reading the civility pledge. The way we govern ourselves is often as 
[2:59] important as the positions we take. Our collective decisions will be better when differing views have had the opportunity to be fully vetted and considered. All people have the right to be treated with respect, courtesy, and openness. We value all input. We commit to conduct ourselves at all times with civility and courtesy to each other. 
[3:29] Good evening, mayor, mayor prom, council members, city managers, citizens, and visitors. I'd like to share a brief fire safety message with you. In the vehicle fire of emergency, please remain calm and proceed to nurse exit. Exercise a clear mark remarks throughout the building. Two to the front and two to the rear. Please follow direction of college park staff to designate the assembly area outside. Please remain at the assembly point until further instructions are given by city personnel. If you notice a virus or smoke during the meeting, please alert 
[4:00] staff immediately and follow evacuation procedures for safety. Thank you for your attention. >> Thanks. >> Item two, additions, deletions, amendments, or changes to the agenda. >> Mr. Mad remove item in a regular basis. >> Yes sir. Staff request to remove item 10 and move it to the March 2nd 
[4:32] meeting. So that is consideration of an request to come advisory board. >> Yes madam. All right. I want to go ahead and remove it or um table it until we get more information. >> Okay. All right. That is consideration 
[5:04] request to approve and adopt an ordinance amendment to chapter 10 which is the public park board. So we're going to read that from this amendment as well. Any additional memorandum of understanding with airport 
[5:40] >> that is not one of those items that we have that It doesn't fit. It's just it's a contract for electric. It's not real estate. 
[6:15] session. There's none of that here. This is a regular session item. You just need to get it on the agenda. You can substitute it to just put on attendee. So, the new attendee will be there 
[6:47] between city and uh airport. Another excuse me, are we still removing item 10 and placing it on the March second agenda as well? I think that was a staff request from confirm that age will remain 
[7:25] just consideration request to the hospitality. Thank you. Thank you. Any other additions to amendments or distribution? Hearing none. Is there a motion? Thank you, Council Member K. Is there a second? Thank you, Council Member. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to vote. All those in favor. That is unanimous. Is there a motion to approve 
[7:57] the agenda? Thank you, Council Member. Is there a second? Thank you, Council. Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? All those in favor I counc. Thank you. That is unanimous. Next item 4 a consideration of an actual request to appoint Sarah low as a ward four board appointment to the college park commercial leasing relations commission. This item is sponsored by Councilman Roger Gay. 
[8:27] >> Is there a motion? Motion. Thank you. Thank you. Any discussion? Hearing none to a vote. All those in favor? That is unanimous. >> Item 4B, consideration of an action on a request to appoint Alan Willis as a word for board appointment to the charter review commission. This item is sponsored by Councilman Roderick G. Thank you, Council G. Second. Thank you, Council Mackenzie. Any discussion? Hearing to a vote. All those in favor? 
[8:59] That is unanimous. Item 5 A is workshop session minutes dated February 2nd 2026. Thank you council member Arnold. Is there a second? Thank you council member. Any discussion hearing? Move to a vote. All those in favor that is unanimous. >> Item 5B regular session minutes dated February 2nd 2026. Is there a motion? >> Thank you council member Arnold. Is there a second? Thank you council member day. Any discussion please? Council member 
[9:30] McKenzie. >> Okay. 144 to 145 on page 5 lines 149 to 151 on page six. They both had proclamations that were not read. Um no proclamation was read at all on page five. uh the proclamation itself was not read and on page six only half of the proclamation 
[10:03] was read. I would like to have that record with the entire proclamation attached to the for the meeting is actually something you can summarize it if you want to. However, the person that would be honored should also have that opportunity to interpret Any further discussion? All those in favor? 
[10:38] All right. So, council members and are in favor. The motion passes. Item six, consideration of an action on a request to approve a proclamation recognizing Garland Watkins. This item is sponsored by Councilwoman Dr. Janelle. >> Is there a motion? >> Thank you, Council Member. Is there a second? 
[11:08] >> Thank you, Council Member Gay. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? >> That is unanimous. >> Item 6B, consideration of an action or request to approve a proclamation recognizing Johnny Marie Williams. This is sponsored by Councilwoman, Dr. Janelle. Is there a motion? >> Motion. Thank you, Council Member Mackenzie. Is there a second? >> Second. >> Thank you, Council Member K. Any discussion? 
[11:38] I'd like to amend the motion to include a proclamation for sponsored by county and mayor Joe. All right. Any further discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All 
[12:08] those in favor? >> I that item seven, remarks to citizens. First public comment, Bianca Lley. And next speaker is Holly Ramsey. 
[12:52] Good evening, Mayor, Mayor Pro Tim, Council, City Manager. I'm Kelly Ramsey and I have the pleasure of serving as the mayor's legislative aid and I'm here to share more information and amplify some of the publicly shared information about the mayor's participatory budget pilot. Before I take a deep dive into the pilot, I want to share a little bit more about PB or participatory budgeting global impact. All right. So, PB is designed to allow 
[13:24] community members to directly decide how to allocate a portion of public budget. It is considered both a civic engagement and a funding tool. This is a fun fact that we learned over our research. Over 7,000 cities worldwide use this tool, proving that participatory budgeting is not experimental, but that it is promising and very helpful across cities. Both the US Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Georgia Municipal Association have 
[13:55] endorsed this tool. So now, College Park has an opportunity to join this growing and successful movement. So I'll take a few moments to walk you through the thoughtfully developed and publicly available framework that Mayor Mly Broom has amplified since December 2025. As the mayor's team, we consistently hear that residents want meaningful opportunities to contribute to and to know that their input makes a 
[14:25] difference. So, Mayor Mly Broom introduced this participatory budgeting pilot to answer this call as a trust building mechanism between the city and its residents. Now, as noted in all of the pilots pilots awareness materials, the $225,000 budgeted for this year's pilot is 25% of the mayor's community enhancement budget. This allocation is intentional, and I slowed down there for a reason, 
[14:56] because this is designed to support a responsible pilot program. It it allows college parks to test and build capacity for democratic innovation without overextending resources including our valued city employees. This is a fiscally prudent approach that aligns with how other cities successfully launch participatory budgeting. Now that we know what participatory budgeting is, let me share a few points of what it is not. 
[15:26] Participatory budgeting is not the only tool the mayor is using to invest her allocated community enhancement dollars. This pilot represents a piece of her budget approach and I'm going pretty quickly but I know you have some of the examples as to how the mayor is using her budget as well and I know she will expound on that a little more. Participatory budgeting is not driven by favoritism. From the outset, the mayor has been clear that this process must reflect the same standard of transparency and integrity that has 
[15:58] guided her administration. Finally, as we wrap up what participatory is not, I want to stress that this is why every, and we say every submitted idea will be publicly accessible along with a clear explanation of how its feasibility was determined. Now, let's have a quick process overview of how the mayor's participatory budgeting pilot will work. So, we have four different phases. I'll go through 
[16:28] these relatively quickly. Phase one, which was the community idea collection phase, is complete. It was completed last week. And during this phase, we saw direct input from neighbors across all four wards. That's right. Each one of your wards was represented in this pilot program. So, some of these residents have lived in College Park for 20 years and some are are some more of your newer neighbors. Phase two, which is the current phase we are in, the mayor has requested support from the city manager 
[16:59] to offer up a list of capable city staff to review each submission. This review will determine if the submission is legally permissible, within budget, compliant with city policy, and realistically implementable. The goal is not to overwhelm this 10 to 12 member steering committee, but to empower valued city staff to collaborate across departments and partner with residents in shaping meaningful, achievable outcomes. 
[17:30] This phase honors staff's expertise by ensuring that what advances to a public vote is responsible and feasible. After that, we go on to phase three, which is the public vote. Once projects are deemed feasible, they will go to a public vote. Residents will determine which proposals receive funding and those receive receiving the most votes will move forward. This is a clear, transparent and democratic process for determining how these funds are invested. 
[18:01] And finally, phase four, residents prioritize project. The resident prioritized projects will be announced, agreements finalized, and funds obligated by June 30th. As with many capital investments, completion may extend beyond the fiscal year. What matters is that projects are formally underway and responsibly budgeted. So, in closing, as you can see, participatory budgeting has delivered meaningful resident driven results nationwide, globally, matter of fact, and with shared understanding and 
[18:32] collaboration. We believe, the mayor believes, her team believes that participatory budgeting can do the exact same thing here in College Park. Thank you so much for your time. Next, Johnny Williams. 
[19:16] My daughter about sanitation to the ground. They need more money. It is also what they make. They cannot survive on the money they make. I wish all of you would consider giving them a good rates. Number two, um we need uh 
[19:49] better uh policing to ride in our neighborhood. People are driving too fast through our neighborhood. And also we need better speed bumps. We have a many speed bumps. We need three large speed bumps. And that is it for this evening. I have some more for you next. Thank you. 
[20:30] Next is Shuja Temple number 281. Mayor, council, good evening. Uh we are 
[21:01] CJ Temple 281 right here in College Park, Georgia. We're here to make a presentation to our mayor and also to the College Park Police Department. We have been um partnering with our city. Um not any strangers here. We've actually won several awards from you all and tonight we're going to make our apprec appreciation to you and also give you um a plaque just to show that we are here and working hard to make sure that 
[21:31] college park is shown too. Uh it's for the mayor and police chief. Temple number 21 presented to Mayor Brown in recognition of your outstanding service to the city of College Park. 
[22:02] I'm sorry. Please forgive me. It is spelled correctly. I said the last time in corporation support of temple land is going secondary to temple number 216. 
[23:19] Job simple tier one presented to College Park Police Department in recognition of your outstanding service to the city of College Park and Corporation support number one second to simple Thank you so much, sir. Sir, 
[23:50] city clerk, may you please speak your name into the record? >> Cleopus Lewis, representing Su Temple number 281. Okay. Thank you, sir. Next public comment speaker is Pamela Greer. 
[24:23] The next uh speaker signed up to speak is Miss Rose Stewart. And next speaker is 
[25:01] Good evening. Well, um we'll be um I pretty much wanted to discuss about uh a couple events that's coming up. So, we have the amazing uh grand opening for our pantry that will be happening here at Brady on Friday at 3:30. we'll be doing. Um so we definitely want to invite everyone out to come. Um we're super excited, you know, to join 
[25:33] us to celebrate uh this community resource. So again for everyone free items um that you can attend again at 3:30 at that city and uh farm uh urban farm. So we will be as well. I want to um the next event that we have that I want to invite people out to is 
[26:05] the state award which will be happening on Monday at 6:30. It's a two-hour event. So, we definitely want everyone to come out to participate and enjoy the activities that we have that we um also um Mario wasn't able to come, but we did have the business connect um and 
[26:35] sent me a text and it read. Good evening. Last Thursday, Business Connect was a tremendous success, bringing together business owners, aspiring entrepreneurs, and community partners for meaningful dialogue and shared opportunity. I would like to sincerely thank Mayor Mly Broom for thoughtfully moderating such a beautiful and engaging discussion. I also extend my appreciation to the dedicated staff of the city of College Park for being present and for providing valuable information and support and to all of 
[27:05] the distinguished guests who attended and contributed to the evening success including our wonderful panelists. Thank you all for the continued commitment to strengthening our community and building College Park better. Um as well he said thank you so much to Dr. Thank you for all that you do for the community. 
[27:40] publications. Hey, great evening everybody. So, um, I haven't been here in a while. Normally I'm sitting at home in my living room with my friend James and we're watching the council meeting and making commentary on it because last year they decided to turn off all the comments and want to make sure they're about to still you know engage if you want to be there. They're doing it right now on Facebook but speakupcolark.com 
[28:13] speakupcolark.com on Facebook but I got to come down here because something crazy happened during the workshop and I invite everybody to go back and watch the workshop. I normally don't watch it, but today somehow $6 million was discussed to be moved into the general fund just out of out of the air. I watched a very lovely lady, Miss Hannah. She's sitting over there. She's a new finance director. The mayor found out. She got hired today. Mackenzie found out as well. Um she came 
[28:47] up and made a beautiful presentation. Said, "Money is being spent, but I don't know where it's coming from." Now, she hasn't been on the job too long. And to be honest with you, I'm afraid she might not be on the job too long because she went against this tax. And you can't do that in College Park. You cannot be an employee in College Park and not bow to the ring. And I shared that with I said, "You're a lovely lady, but I don't know how long you going to last." Because when you let this council know that they were spending recklessly, they you didn't agree with them. So, I 
[29:18] just want to let me go to my notes that I actually have on my paper. I just watched a financial director stand before the council and explained that projects were being approved from an account that was never funded. They never funded the account. She said the Gabby Road project, Price Barberhop, Botanical Gardens, Main Street Depot, College Park Historical Society, and the Land on Roosevelt Highway, they were never funded, but the money is already spent. My wife and I, we sit down at our table and we talk about how are we going to go 
[29:48] through our finances for the next month. But this council has a $220 million budget as they look down at their paper and off to the side and they spend our money recklessly. What are we doing? And what was the scariest part? Nobody in the council even questioned it. There wasn't one person that said, "When the staff become aware of this?" There wasn't one person that said, "When did the contracts get a motion?" There wasn't one person that said, "What happens if re if revenue does not meet the projections?" 
[30:19] Instead, Councilman Carr said, "Congratulations on your new job and congratulations on your new job." But there is no oversight happening here. Money is moving into the general fund at the commitments already made. That's not budgeting, that's gambling. But we're going to see it happen over and over again tonight. It's probably going to happen in the casino. It's going to it's going to continue to happen. Nobody even cares. And what's really weird, Janelle McKenzie came down and she gave the financing director a hug and she said, "Oh, we going to make 
[30:49] it through this." She said, "I didn't know. I I didn't know nothing about this." I was sitting right behind her. I told her, "But you didn't know about this?" Because I've heard the mayor say over and over and over again, "Where is the money coming from? The math isn't mapping." And everybody knows I'm probably going to make a video about this. And in this is that I'm going to include every time that she said the math ain't mattering. 
[31:22] That is all for public comment for those that have signed up. We have The clock does say 22 28, but we have closer to 20 minutes. The timer has stopped. Anyone wish to speak up. 
[31:56] >> Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. >> For the record, I am Denith Taylor. uh and property club apartments dweller 18 years and um I'm going to be as brief as I can. Thank you so much for listening to the car chronicle. I appreciate that because uh what we just heard for the uh participatory budget was directly because of the 
[32:26] things that I said uh within my chronicle that I still want to address here because even though we got an explanation, there are still some things that are not covered. And one of the the things um we do know that all projects that are over $10,000 have to come on the agenda and it have to be vetted by the council. However, we also know that those things have to have a sponsor. And Mr. Mly 
[32:57] Groom, mayor of College Park, uh you have been very adamant with your not wanting to work with this conflict. You've been very adamant about not to to speak oneonone with these council members and especially your own council woman. So my question to you becomes what are you going to do to make sure that your initiative which is fabulous in this in this outline get on the agenda because we've been having that problem. You've been telling us all the time I can't get anything on the agenda. They won't work with me. Well you have 
[33:27] somebody directly that needs for you to work directly with your council and your colleagues. And so now that question becomes, what are you going to do so that this doesn't become a stunt to say, "Oh, I tried and they didn't work with me." Um, also the money that you set aside, I heard that this was intentional at being 25% of the $900,000 of your community enhancement budget, but as we all know that most of the projects that especially when we talk about capital 
[33:57] projects, a lot of that money, $150,000 will probably cover one project depending on what it is. If somebody want to do sidewalks or whatever, $150,000 would probably barely scrape the surface. So, how many projects are you looking to fund with this initial private program? Why did you not open up your whole community enhancement fund because you haven't been using it to say listen you know we may have this as an offramp to say I may have this in 
[34:28] surplus so that we can get the project going because that's not explained in this um also um I also look at the non- capital that was $75,000 you had the discretionary uh tone to take at least seven of those and and do $10,000 contracts like some of your colleagues have done and to make sure that the community is being heard. We can have more than just a few projects done because the community 
[34:58] needs to be heard and the community's voice need to be that way. And speaking of the community voice to be heard, um about 2017 2018, we've done a study uh over at the um the fire station that's on Sullivan Road. Council Gale, I don't know if you remember this, but we were trying to find out what we were going to do with the 18 acres. Do you remember that? And we did a whole study with the community. We had all four words come out and they said what they wanted to what they wanted to see. Um, that data 
[35:29] was collected, but we never worked on that data. And now here we are with six West amongst us. I've gone to uh to economic direct development today and I spoke with uh Dakis and with Hannah and I said listen if we can pull that data so that we can have some kind of blueprint because the community has already spoken. We just need to pull the the data so that it can be seen what the community wanted and then use that as a blueprint so that we can know what we want for six west and anything else to come. But again, we have folks who don't 
[36:02] want to work with others. And I'm wondering why is that always a problem? We are now going into seven years of your administration, but that has been the remaining thing that you have said positively. I don't want to work with these folks, but yet you're still here. So somewhere in the I know your heart is saying, I do want to work with them. The question becomes, what are we going to do to ensure that that happens in a way so that we can stop having folks like me and Mo and everybody else who criticize you and and everybody else amongst us 
[36:34] and get the work done. We're tired of the the the shenanigans. We want the work to be done and we need it to be done in decency and in order. And that's my job. Do you want to speak? 
[37:20] Good evening, council elected civil officials. My name is Larry Brady Adams. I reside at 212 West Princ. I just like to say tonight I've heard the bad and the ugly, but I'd like to share the view tonight that I experienced over the weekend that 
[37:50] the city gave a ball to the se old school as we call it and the old school presented to the new school how to conduct themselves and come out and have a wonderful town and to have respect for each other. I like to thank the college parking part. They made me feel proud because I am an 
[38:22] original. A lot of these people who help you go to KFC, you see the original and you see the extra Christmas. So, Bobby being an original, I'm proud of what you all did and what you all are trying to do. And I hope and pray you all get 
[38:53] in the air now where you can represent our city the way we once had. The last day, thank you for the peace. 
[39:41] Good evening, mayor and council. I come here Monday coming down today uh not with good news and saying something. I heard director Scott Trace on and Bianca you was asking where the money went. is I think you should have a good idea that the man stay right beside you. Mindelle, I said I can stand on what I'm 
[40:12] saying. You want to come up to me? I can I deal with it. She know what she did. She took out accounts from her account, his account, and every other account to fund everything Roger wanted to do. $386,000 for the festival. 6700,000 for dog park. Something y'all agreed to do for the buying the land. 105 then spent now doing other things 
[40:44] without bids. I just don't think that's right. As a taxpayer, it's what Roger been doing. So you want to know what he's doing? That's what he's doing. And when the devil was here, she was taking money and finding him like a a pimp and a and a whatever. That's what was happening with the money. That's why I thank God you got someone sitting that responsible is not taking money from people's accounts and not signing for it 
[41:15] and unaware. And when the audit come out, that's when the tax bills don't really see. I mean, and then you got ner talking about Vera. You was on Ber. You didn't do anything. So don't bring up about my wife no more about Ber. I never respect disrespected your wife. I let you got away with it. And you going to threaten people. You threaten Dr. D from here and hell back. You going to threaten Mr. Hicks? Anybody 
[41:46] else? But I want to tell y'all tonight, that man come to you threatening you, you can file an extra complaint and go to human resources. Don't allow him to come threaten you. Now, when Lindel was here, yeah, I'd be fearful for my job cuz I only be worried and your bet is out of here. I stand on one out there. And what I do know, he knows I know some other things undead. 
[42:20] So I've been trying not to do this cuz I care about this council. I fought to try to help so it would be taken over by chain of ordinance. I fight for these employees, but all this threatening and intimidating is over. not what Rex Willie says because that's what the law is and y'all don't have to do that. 
[42:52] >> So I'm using Sabrina's time. She's right there. >> Oh, so you can't sign it. You can't use it. >> Okay. Well, thank you. others. We will move forward. Eight public hearings. No. 
[43:26] N is a 9. A consideration of the action request to approve the cooperative agreement RSP 15-20 ling 89 965 request lights. This award will allow the city's lighting products and services under the established cooperative purchasing agreement. This item is requested by Jiannis, executive director of global campus. This is FY 2025 to 2026. I have 
[44:00] other equipment replaced. This item will serve 29B. Consideration of an action request to approve art 26-36 Black History Month AYs Audio Visual Presentations LLC at 39,000 10 AYs Audio Visual Presentations LLC is ranked number one during the evaluation process based on technical approach, experience, and thoughts. This item is being requested by interim director of recreation and cultural arts 
[44:30] departments. LG number 
[45:08] accounting system improvements service item consideration request to approve the public safety services in the amount of 15,000 requests. This is a budget account year 2026 service all item 19 consideration action on request 
[45:39] to approve RSP 2684 award will ensure professional management mainting quality services for There are a total of four based on evaluation. This requested by interim director recreation culture arts department 
[46:12] will service all 9 request 262 remaining LLC 48,687 LLC the most responsive and responses responsible proposal meeting all requirements competitive pricing. This is circling prior to the budget year 206. Item 19 is consideration action request 
[46:44] for approval to allow the city customer service utility operations team to host the traffic user group on through the 23rd 2027 finances 
[47:15] 2027. Hold on. Is there a motion to approve the consent motion council member? that is item 10 of regular business consideration of an request for approval of a memorandum of agreement 
[47:47] for development of south comprehensions plan for new cities in south county park eastville meadow south and city with a local match financial commitment of $15,427 for the city of college park this item is being requested by city. This is not a bud. This is not a budgeted item. This will service all second. 
[48:17] I believe council mentioned earlier that we may want to adjust the length of this year to get flexibility in the 15,000 that won't be the appropriate number. Council member 15 up to 35 
[48:56] portion of the local matches. to whatever. Okay. Amendment. >> Yes, I second it. I do have a question for um this is a financial question. I mean 
[49:28] cash tonight. I want to make sure we have money. This is budgeted item, but I believe that's a very important item and we got to maintain. So, I guess uh you stated in the workshop that we are now we're we're moving into and I know this is your official um that we are going to be vetting our agenda items. So, before we get ready to vote for a nonbudget item, just want to make sure that we do have funds to cover this. Yes. 
[50:00] That's all I had. If there's anything that we don't like to know tonight when we look at the unbudgeted any further discussion hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? >> All right. Thank you. That is unanimous. Item 10B, consideration of an actual request to approve a letter of commitment in the amount of $29,000 to the Lable Centers and issue a transportation study. This item is being 
[50:31] requested by Hopies Garcia Economic Development Program Manager. This is a budgeted item out of fiscal year 26 GL account name. This will service all motion. Thank you. Do you have a second? >> All right. Thank you, Council Member. All right. Any discussion hearing? None. We'll move to a vote. All those in favor? That is unanimous. Thank you. 
[51:02] Item 10, consideration and action on a request to prove the immediate repair and rental of controllers at the Georgia International Convention Center. Under the city's emergency purchasing policy, this action is necessary to ensure uninterrupted service of clients and maintain operational continuity. Through the urgency of the issue, the city managers approve the repair. The total cost of repairs and rentals $101,000 101 A12. These are the items requested by 
[51:35] Global Gateway Campus Executive Director Giannis. This is a budgeted item. The fund is RN building fiscal year 2025 to 2026. This will focus. Is there a motion? Motion. Thank you, Council Member. Is there a second? Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? That is unanimous. Item 10 is updated to anou between the 
[52:08] city of College Park and Airport West C. Is there a motion? >> Thank you, Council Member Corn. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? >> That is unanimous. Thank you. >> Item 10, consideration of someone to approve date for the resch 16th city council meeting. This item is requested by confirmed city manager Michael. 
[52:39] >> Thank you council member Mackenzie. Is there council member Arnold? >> No we can just date 23rd. So the Monday. >> Okay. All right. So, any further discussion? >> Yes. >> Um, I just want to respond to your your 
[53:10] question. Yeah. So, we decided to date, but I noticed just now that you said that that we were supposed to have on the agenda, a hearing, I guess, tonight in terms of changing the uh the ordinance to where we don't have the city manager having a captain. So when does that happen? So it has been advertised. I thought we voted last I thought we voted to have it. 
[53:41] We did vote to have advertised and we would have been able to move forward with that. Yes. So which means it could have been advertised to be on the agenda for this meeting. So we missed two weeks now. It takes it's about a six week process. 
[54:15] Hold on wait a broader discussion the mayor council comch. Any further discussion on that? Hearing none to a vote. All those in 
[54:45] agenda item 10 would remove from the agenda. 10. Let's move to the March 2nd meeting. Consideration of budget modification to the general funding 738 reserve designated and appropriate 4,973 suppression 
[55:17] fiscal year 2026 budget modification in the amount of 1,465 GL account recreational facilities recreation capital fund for GL account designated fiscal year 2026 items request is there a motion thank you council member is there a second thank you council member Arnold any discussion 
[55:47] yes council member um I mean I'm totally in favor of this but I also to clarify that uh we did not determine in the workshop meeting to go forward with $6 million tonight. So that was incorrect information. The only thing that we are agreeing to tonight is this $4 million which is um what's needed. >> Any further discussion? number 
[56:25] is not that exact. Any further discussion hearing? None. We'll move to a vote. All those in favor. >> That's unanimous. 
[56:58] city I'm trying to get an answer for 
[57:37] 12 city manager report mayor council and staff want to say kudos to the staff again we were able to get this agenda done all the work that we put in the agenda Just a couple updates. Councle my thunder. Uh tonight I wanted to introduce you to two current staff members. We finished the interview for 
[58:07] our finance director and we had some pretty if I use the term heavy hitters on that panel and those two people that were on the panel had about 60 years of finance experience and all of the panel concluded that was our number one candidate. We have those kudos and also we department 
[58:37] and also we interviewed for our HR director of Miss G was so we interviewed for HR and I'm really happy to talk about this because I've been in that seat three or four times. So again, the talent that we had, we had Miss Ireie from HR East Point. We had another HR director from Clayton County from again on that. 
[59:09] So Chris Ger is now HR director. Last but certainly not least, we finished the uh interview today for the police chief. And once again, if I use the term heavy years, we had the first African-American sass chair of for county, Miss Jackie Barrett Washington was on that committee along with so we had we had some real evolution. 
[59:53] look like all of these questions were answered. So, um we spent those interviews. So, we'll be making that change. Some of the other things we're starting the first run of the budget meeting with uh my office and the department on the 18th for pre you guys looking forward to that particular 
[1:00:24] ride my first ride along with our public works director I'm going to be riding with Brian Anderson every Friday so that we can make notes around my first we went through all four wards relation. Okay. So the other good news is remember I talked about our AI department we talked about and now we have college how many of you 
[1:00:55] have used college? So we can release college our AI voice has been released and people that know a lot of people are using it now so you can dial our main number and college will answer all of those questions for you as a matter of fact where college can read the agenda. So at some point we're going to be releasing that. So thank you Robert thank you for working with us on that. 
[1:01:28] So we that we uh some other things that the staff is doing. I'm really really proud of this past Friday. Uh they did what they call a candy grant where they actually stole uh candygrams and Valentine salutation to the to the staff and they were raising money for the citizens. We raised $400 to help our citizens pay the bills. 
[1:02:12] All right. So, I I do want to echo your uh sentiment about the empathy for another streamlined agenda. It really does make things run so much better. And I will say that the achievement of ending before 9:30 is even more uh notable than we started today. So that's that's really very very solid and thank you so much for your leadership in in making that happen. Uh as uh Miss Ramsey discussed in public comment, I'm 
[1:02:44] very very excited about uh the next step in the budget pro process. It has been a great opportunity, as we said, to get feedback from across our city. Now, the next step is to make sure that we can actually implement these plans. Can't do things like put a pool on top city hall. That that won't work. And I'm and we didn't get a submission about that. Um, but we need to make sure that what we have is feasible and looking forward to taking it uh to the community to get 
[1:03:16] that input. Uh, it is it's a really It's a it's a it's an exciting time and I look forward to working with everyone uh to make sure that these projects come to fruition. Um obviously if they are over $10,000 they come here first. That's the way it works. Um but I hope that my colleagues will like I be very excited to hear from from our community members directly about how they'd like 
[1:03:47] to see see this happen in our communities. had the opportunity uh to join the women and municipal government uh board of directors at the National League of Cities conference last November and we had our first kickoff meeting and the the excitement in that group is electric. It's women across the country who are elected officials who want to make sure that they are not the only people who sit in their seats. that they 
[1:04:19] are paving a they paving a path for those who come behind them and also making sure that especially women in their communities are respected, heard, and the issues that women often have that are barriers to to entry in a lot of ways. whether it is a child care or workforce development. Those are going to be some of the things that are on the agenda for the women's uh group as as we kick off the new year. So, I'm very 
[1:04:50] excited to be a part of that. I want to thank Michael Hightowwer, the collaborative firm, and the entire uh DICC team for putting on an amazing South Metro Development Outlook Conference. I was honored to receive the uh public service award and to be recognized among so many leaders is a true honor and I want to thank everyone for their support and I definitely want to thank the CEO and executive director of the 
[1:05:20] Georgia Municipal Association, Larry Hansen, and Union City Mayor Vince Williams who loves us all and there ain't nothing we can do about it. Uh for coming to present the award to me. It was it was a special moment and I sincerely appreciate it. And speaking of the Georgia Municipal Association, we had another legislative policy council meeting this morning. Uh the goalposts have moved a little bit on the House's proposal to eliminate property tax uh for homesteaders. And there there will 
[1:05:53] be a hearing tomorrow afternoon about that issue. It's very very complicated and long term, it would probably mean that the most would end up getting phased out um for those communities who have it, which is us uh and and a number of other communities uh in the metro area. So, there's a lot to look at, but it's also moving very quickly and a lot of folks are putting in their input, including um the 
[1:06:25] county equivalent of the Georgia Municipal Association, ACC, um and because school boards are really directly impacted by it in a way that that is probably outsized in proportion to to other folks who are engaged in in the entire decision-m process. And lastly, uh this is our this is our fourth meeting of the year. So this is the fourth meeting where we have not had the opportunity for people who cannot 
[1:06:57] get here uh who may have other commitments uh to put in their to their opinions uh via via email. I still think that we can do better and we can reach out and ensure that everyone has that opportunity to engage with us. I would encourage my colleagues to rethink that decision. I will keep on saying it because I think it's important for us to ensure that as many voices are heard as possible. And as we go into 
[1:07:28] this budgeting season, I said it in the workshop, I think it is critically important as we will be making tough decisions about this budget as we should because we cannot spend at the pace that we have been spending and spending in and spending things that are not budgeted. It's a real problem. We were we are going to get dinged on an audit, but at the end of the day, we've got to make the numbers work and we have to make them work for the people who work 
[1:07:59] for this city. We've got to make sure that we're not thinking we're doing somebody a favor with a one or two% increase when the cost of everything else is rushed. Our employees come in here day in and day out to serve our community and we need to make sure that they are taken care of as we look to the FY26 27. That's all I have. >> All right. Um I do have a couple of 
[1:08:31] quick things to say before the video plays tonight. I want to say congratulations to Miss Christopher Gilbert and to Missia again for being permanent [laughter] and we just appreciate you looking forward to your contributed leadership and I'm waiting to find out who Okay. Um just a quick announcement because I found this I got this information earlier today. Our shade at Barrett Park is coming back. It's going 
[1:09:01] to be uh probably from the end this week. Correct. Thursday or Friday. So, um we had a couple of situations that was taken down to give us a better uh but late uh it will be professionally reinstalled. I'm going to thank everybody for your patience while we get the pot back in tiptop shape. And the last thing that I would like to see is perhaps some type of scope that since we have gone automated for our council meetings that 
[1:09:32] we do have seniors that still need assistance with getting signed up on the computer. So I'd like for us to look into setting up a help desk or something by which a senior can call in and help get help getting signed in for comments. I had to do that tonight to assist two of our seniors. And so I think that one of the ways that we can work through the issues with uh our new technology because it's here, innovation is here, but we still have some seniors or persons that are not computer 
[1:10:04] uh competent or feeling good about uh using a computer that would like to sign in before they get here. Uh at this time, we'd like to play our video messaging for tonight. This is Dr. February 16th report. Guys, Valentine's is one of my most favorite times of the year because I get 
[1:10:36] to just share extra love with the people that I love, which is our community. And so we had our Valentine's love drops and went throughout the community last week just bringing love to several of our sellers and spreading joy in our city. Last Thursday we held our first business connect of the year in conjunction with the College Park Main Street Association. It was phenomenal and I want to thank 
[1:11:07] all the staff and the business owners that came and shared in this event with us >> with the event today. You know, anytime there's a a chance for businesses and the communities to come together and strategize how to influence the market in a specific area, it's always good and I think it's going to do it perfectly. I think this is a great opportunity for 
[1:11:38] staff and to support each other to get together. This is like a system where we all need to be for one another. My experience is coming and learning from parents like this. Okay. Mentors in my head like this. So I love to hear stories like this as a pop touring alike. So this is why >> and last Wednesday I attended the South 
[1:12:08] Metro Development Outlook Conference which was a really great opportunity to network and to learn so much. I want to thank Mr. Michael High Totower and the collaborative firm for continuing to bring this amazing event to College Park. And that same afternoon, our Ward One team was blessed to be able to honor our seniors at College View Hills with a celebration of Black History Month and Valentine's Day. And we want to thank 
[1:12:38] all those that came out and and gave gifts to our seniors and uh food in the city. Uh we had Chef Maurice, uh K Camp's mom was out there, uh folks from Morehouse. It was just a wonderful, wonderful day, and we're so grateful for our seniors. That same evening, Pam and I were both honored by body chair Sabrina Willis. 
[1:13:08] Dr. Willis, Jeff, and I thank you for your kindness. Our youth civic advisory board students have been on the move. On February 7th, Mr. Xavier Ross came and shared with them about how youth can participate in government. And then we were joined by Fton County Clerk Sheay Alexander who shared so many valuable nuggets with them. Thank you for coming out and sharing with our phenomenal 
[1:13:39] students and our students. Food drive is now in progress. There are giving locations throughout the city where you can drop off non-p perishable foods. More to follow in the next two weeks. >> Like everywhere that I've gone, every part of the world that I've been to, I talk about College Park. I talk about the Southside with the Fs. They by the telephone. >> We held our first community thrive give back of the year on February 6 and I 
[1:14:12] want to thank Mr. Josh Powell for co-hosting that with us and to all the organizations that came together to pay it forward for the members of our community and extra extra hear all about it. Our state of the award will be held on February 23rd at 6:30 at the Keith James Auditorium. Tell a neighbor, tell a friend. Registration's going on now and you can submit questions. We end tonight's report with a love 
[1:14:44] message from Jeff and I. Our country, our president, and I'm looking forward to it. agenda have a lot of goals and a lot of territory. And so I just see us continuing to build on what we have and uh continue to support our community, our youth, our seniors, our family members, and to continue to support one another. >> And that's what it is is we'll continue to support one another, to continue to to dream, continue to grow, continue to 
[1:15:15] always keep learning and shine for the better. two years ago. We got to make it even better for the future. And that's what I see for our city as well. We have a lot of things to accomplish here at College Park. We got to keep dreaming. Got to keep growing. Got to keep learning. >> This is Dr. Jamal McKenzie and we are building college better. >> All right. A couple of things here. Uh first I want 
[1:15:45] to say congratulations to all of our new hires. Uh we're moving things forward. Uh city managers. Uh thank you for uh getting us organized and writing the ship. uh we had the chance to move us forward with some stability for our city and uh since December you haven't noticed the change in efficiency change in progress 
[1:16:17] and well organized meetings as well as departmental changes to positive you probably haven't been paying much attention so uh making good prog I want to thank you for that. The South Metro Development Conference was uh it just gets better and better every year. It's a wonderful event. Well attended as always. Again, we are the hospitality headquarters for the 
[1:16:48] state of Georgia. It is important that our hospitality construction is gathering right. Um city manager I also understand that uh there's equipment that's in need of us to be addressed at the convention center that we found out about recently. And uh we want to make sure we address that as soon as possible to make sure that uh functioning right uh to make sure that our clients are taken care of and we're having business over here. 
[1:17:21] Also, city manager, we have uh we've got the model relocation coming in terms of the camp bus service, the 82 camp. My request is being rerouted for our residents. Now, that bus service will move into our partner communities quite a bit closer so that residents do not have to cross uh dangerous uh freeway that Camp Creek Parkway. Uh they do have a crosswalk, but it is a bit too dangerous, too. vehicles moving too fast 
[1:17:51] speeds for that to be a safe and sustainable situation. So we want to thank Mart for moving us forward with that. That should happen in April. However, city manager, we are in need of a bus shelter there on the corner where both of the apartment complex complex have a stop. So we want to make sure that we're able to accommodate them with shelter. Again, this is all for the new budget. 
[1:18:21] So we want to make sure April figuring that out. Uh I did attend the drive ground. It was uh the same time as the uh South Metro Development Conference. very proud to get that project moving. Uh this is a multi-million dollar investment. Uh it cost us uh no money grant that we were collected out of 
[1:18:52] several locations. So it is a very major step towards bringing more tourism, more interest, more attraction into our city. It's a very exciting project as you all saw the boards out out front. It kind of gives you an overview of what it's all about. I think that South Metro and the outlook is good for our region. Um 
[1:19:23] also uh we are looking at school does not start until August. However, parents parents in College Park County Schools as well as Clayton are starting the pre kindergarten lottery application right now. Why is this so very important? Well, prek unlike kindergarten is limited slot. Every child goes to kindergarten, but prek in Georgia is limited kind of a situation. 
[1:19:55] So, we want to send out reminders to all of our parents, all of our parents that have young children that uh the lottery opens uh it opens on the 12th last month on March 3rd. This is very important that your child is in that lottery. So, they're selected so they can complete it. If not, then they have to wait a whole another year. So, this is very, very, very important. going to get on the county schools website, Clinton County Schools website to make sure that you fill out that a lot of the 
[1:20:26] applications. Very very very important. Uh it's in my community newsletter which is going out this week. So we want to make sure we want to remind residents of that as well. I want to thank uh power department uh youth Richard for uh activating our uh college park first auto one stop located at Brandon Park at the heart station subdivision uh that this this is a full 
[1:20:57] service amenities first of its kind in college park folks we're making progress in this city and our community enhancements are a big part of that but we go up We have a auto station with a free car vacuum service, dual charging, electric stations, a free commercial grade digital air machine, tire inflator, it works. We're doing good things in the city. We want to make sure we're talking 
[1:21:27] about it and uh it's very important that we get the word out. uh period. Uh so we want to re reschedu that ribbon cutting. Uh obviously 31st we'll keep out for ribbon cutting for the park, but uh the work at the park is just about to 90% complete. Uh they have amenities like they've never had before at that park. If you haven't been to Brandon Park lately, you might not 
[1:21:57] recognize Brandon Park. I want to appreciate the amount of work that parks and rec put into public works all of our department. I want to thank them for that. U tenatively we're going to aim for Saturday possibly uh we want to see what looks like this year that I believe that is all I have. Thank you >> Arnold. Thank you. So it's been very 
[1:22:29] busy review lots of activities and engagement for um service but the first activity included uh my participation with the leadership class my third class we spent uh our day at the capital uh for this class where we had the opportunity to engage with the elected officials for Clinton County had the opportunities that you can do 
[1:22:59] and you can do uh well I won't say too this the first time that I meet him representative Douglas um who actually um res who actually represents the southern part of Clayton County and so um it was an excellent activity for us to be able to engage and collaborate to see how bills are moving through uh through the the chapel on behalf of the of Clayton County, but also for us to 
[1:23:30] have the opportunity to collaborate and talk about some of the issues uh that are important to our constituents. And speaking of issues, um we all had the opportunity to participate in uh Senator Oaf's rally where she brought up some very u important issues that we need to consider and think about um as we move into this uh election year, especially with uh federal priorities 
[1:24:02] that impact our local community. And regardless of your party affiliation, um all of these uh items are important to all of us, especially as they impact the citizens of the city of College Park. I too attended um MDO conference of 26. I know I thought the mayor and um council there but I didn't know you were there council council woman so I 
[1:24:34] mentioned you but you know conferences like these give us opportunity to exchange ideas and bring back um great information to the city strengthens our network and um I was honored to be able to uh be able to participate in that conference on the community front Uh we did our third uh community uh give back a food giveaway uh in partnership with faith 
[1:25:04] workers. We have to date impacted over a thousand individuals and families um and really honestly that's more than just a number. We're talking about you know households that um that are receiving direct relief from these efforts. Uh seniors who have been stretching their budget or to make decisions on whether or not they're going to put a meal on the table or pay for uh their their medication or insurance. And so this 
[1:25:35] service to the community is truly the heart of what we should be doing here in this city. Uh I had the pleasure to participate in um of course our senior um uh social this weekend and to bring my mother out to enjoy that day. It was beautiful event and as always our staff, the police department, they always show the level of professional wisdom and they represent the city well. Um, and I 
[1:26:08] want to add to that a last my last comment is in reference to a letter that we received. Um, and it's going to build on what I just said about our matter. It's a letter from uh Clayton County Representative Rhonda Berno thanking the city of College Park for wellorganized professional LLJ grade. I think we all received this letter, but I'm I want to read it into the record because this is a testament of the professional wisdom, 
[1:26:39] the professional staff that we have. And it reads, "Dear Councilwoman Arnold and the city of College Park, congratulations on hosting an outstanding Dr. Martin Jr. parade." While the event took place in Councilwoman's Councilwoman Arnold's ward, the participation of Mayor Broom and fellow council members truly made 
[1:27:10] Clayton County feel the Clayton County side feel valued and appreciated. Having all seven cities represented among the 100 participants was especially impressive and made the parade even more meaningful. Your attention to detail was evident throughout the event with a staging area that comfortably accommodated all of the participants. 
[1:27:40] The parade workers were helpful and efficient and your staff worked diligently to ensure that every detail was thoughtful was thoughtfully addressed. The events media coverage further highlighted these efforts and helped the parade to an even broader audience. The Clayton County mayor's decision to adjust the parade route so that more citizens could experience the event was an excellent and impactful choice. 
[1:28:13] I began the parade in district 77 riding in my cars for my constituents to see me and later joined my East Point College Park Alumni chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated on foot on on foot. Walking alongside them gave me the opportunity to experience the audience energy up close. Thank you, Councilwoman Arnold, along with the mayor and council members for a 
[1:28:43] job exceptionally well done. Sincerely, Brenda Bernal, State Representatives, House District 77. This thank you actually goes to the staff. And I just want to close my remarks with thanking them again and um wanting to make sure that we do not forget to recognize them with that little activity um to let them know that we appreciate the hard work. 
[1:29:14] Those are my remarks. Thank you, Council Member Dick. >> I don't think anything you know I was trying to do when people thought My wife I don't know 
[1:29:54] going purchas Let me call her talk about a woman. We talk about 
[1:30:27] yesterday. I did actually, she did actually have a profound respect for. So here we go. Crystal, that's right. Get comfort. Second 
[1:30:57] re She make him. She needs she hired him. You know, we were looking at changing the football program like Miami and amazing. looking at some of my business always and all that is just white. 
[1:31:29] So, you know, you want to talk about the festival cost about $200,000, but a bet award cost about 5 million award cost about 100 million. So why do I do it? Why do I go through this whole thing? So it wasn't 200. I raised I raised 130,000. 
[1:31:59] Me I raised $130,000. Plus I raised $8,700 in gift cards that speak up to buy that I won at 81% and gave the cards back to the employees at Christmas. We don't talk about facts. Let's talk about owes the city of Park $9 million. That check 
[1:32:32] $9 million one shovel of dirt. I've been sitting in this seat. Ber has spent probably nine or10 million on development over there. You leaving chief fighter has spent $9 million road infrastructure and I sit right here 
[1:33:04] watching have all I just s one of dirt. Okay. So, what did that mean? He said you was on first of all, I'm counting day. You can start with that. I'm count your anything out there. I can't. 
[1:33:39] So having said that, let me tell you what I did do on B for just one year. One year on that and he said he gave me permission to be mayor pro if you can believe that. I got a phone call in my house. I'm giving you permission to be mayor. I'm getting permission from three people who supposed to be running college for me to be mayor. So let's talk about what I did on just that one year. So I negotiated in one year 
[1:34:12] nicely to purchase six ways. I said over there that GC needs to lease it for probably three four months. Nicer had the resources to buy. How about the night we supposed to contract Sabrina the boat to kill the bill because NIA has said that they were going to do million for a know 
[1:34:44] that I'm all my business everything I'm deal guess what the night of the vote I see the number in the car and then the boat get we000 I don't know much Not only did I negotiate a deal, but we 
[1:35:15] had a deal with all the legacy department. We going to get Larry something dollar. We going to give Thomas the money. We going to make a lean free. Now they back to square one over there going circles about I want this property. I want that. Good luck with that. All right. What else did I do? You know, I'm going out of order, but I recommended Daryl come back. She don't know. Darl, I did that. I re I negotiate the salary because she want to talk 
[1:35:46] about let's talk about the salary, the relocation expense. I had hours and hours begging me to come back. So, I did. I guess I did. But where they at right now? They sitting right out here. Okay. The building across the street. Okay. I did that, too. I did that. I did that. I 
[1:36:17] did that, too. The building across the street. But Thomas is the the public the customer service. I did that, too. Whoa. I negotiated the least. But guess who happy? You are. So yeah, I guess I did have an influence home. She called me three times a day, which I heard she called all y'all. And you know what the three times were? College, college, college. Only thing she won 
[1:36:49] games for was giving developers deals and she calling asking how to stay out of trouble. Oh yeah, I stay out of trouble. She dead. That's the only thing she was dead. She by the book. She was by the book. The only reason why she ain't over there now because she bought a book. That's why we got a national search. And if me and my wife had to come down here and stroke countless ego for a living, 
[1:37:23] if that's your job to come out here and stroke our ego for a living, look how you eat, then congratulations. Let's talk about something else. Bite. The last bite I think you 50,000. It's the worst bite I ever been to. All I see is Rick walking around with a fur coat on and giving awards for their friends. The worst bite I ever seen. One of the worst biters I ever seen. And guess what? Thank you. You ain't got 
[1:37:54] a right mind this Saturday cuz guess what? 3,000 people love. And guess who did the work? Talk to my wife who sets up at night. Who who don't get no sleep at night to make sure 3,000 people happy. What do we get out of? My children told me you didn't get nothing. The flowers you see over there. That's what I got. So, I don't know what this is. I don't know where it's going. But I will tell you this. You know 
[1:38:25] those two motors at the Mustang? Who you think? Who you think did that? I did that. I went and talked to Turkey engineer. I brought that man down. I guess I was the same man. I was going to kill me. I'm the one that did the RLP for the lift station when the water froze man. when you when the water flow you think I was on the phone all night with talking about uh 
[1:38:57] report bull really these employees love me and I love them more I know I'm like brothers and sisters they come to me with all their concerns who you think be doing that who you think got unj right now ready to tell please get me out of here Please. That's what they tell me every day. You know, when you crack that pretty white car, thank Linda Miller 
[1:39:31] because that's because she got the city bank. So, much as Giz, you know, you got to be careful when you start coming out here saying all of that, you know, all that crazy stuff about taking money. And let me just say this for the record. as I just 
[1:40:02] swag parking in 199. Yeah, I supported for a little million about three billion and he want you going to come at me to come. Don't come at me with this car. 
[1:40:33] You know, we can talk about all the houses. Let's go look at the taxes. Don't come out here about all that with me. I'm not giving you an apology. that you killed two or three days. You didn't get no problem from me. That was no mistake, Jack. Intentional and and and if you keep talking, this this city going to know a whole lot more. So, let's figure out who you want to come at. Me or his best thing to do is to keep coming out here, keep 
[1:41:04] stroking my colleagues, and keep doing what you do. And I'm going tell you something else, mayor. One reason why Because guess what? She refused to have you to have a maintenance contract. The problem she come we can't do nothing. We got everything go through. Yeah. She cut it out. I be mad too. So don't you know you got people telling me you go in the bank got to wear sunglasses because you got some checks. 
[1:41:35] Now I hate to do this on public time but we I work too hard. I work too hard. I work too hard and anybody I'm 65 years old with a master degree, a beautiful family, a god. Don't come down here to this nonsense with me. Not one person for war is a hoop about any of this. You see them down here. They love Roger Day and I love them. And I'm seeing y'all coming to my war and get some of that love. And I don't 
[1:42:06] care. You got to come to my war to get more love. And then the last thing I'm going say respect I see the mag born and raised war the same stuff as a child you're looking at adult man and you find somebody who trying to change it for you go back to my neighborhood 
[1:42:38] I'm trying to change ain't even my cutting down stuff on the side of the road. How do I How do I profit from that? How do I make a living doing it? How do I make a living spending all day Sunday at a dog park? I ain't got two dogs. How do I make a living doing this? How do I make a living spending 20 years on a botanical garden that you hating on and it ain't built? 
[1:43:11] How do you come to my fix your face, talk on them, shine, and not one of you to say, "Thank you for showing my family." How do you do that? I ain't never been born that kind of heart. I was never born that way. When we grew up, my family told us to be happy when we jealous of it. Be happy. I was raised. Now I've seen that with you know and Jack and Ambrose and I thought it was 
[1:43:42] racist but it was principality and spiritual witness in high places. We until we can get out of that until we can stop hating on each other. We can stop being systematically sick and community of color never going to grow. Let it go. Let it go, Mike. Let it go, Joe. Let it go. Let it go. And vice versa. You talk about hard and that's unique. 
[1:44:14] But what you don't even know and I don't even care. But what you don't know that a ball did me, which you ain't hired, then they'll hire her. Ty warrior witness man we spent almost two years we was up there in the break negotiating with them people to be a brand that's why you got now I ain't trying to act like I'm no fool to get credit but you ain't going 
[1:44:44] to come at me trying to damage my reputation I've been around so that's why when you want to go on my that's why you don't see my name in the radio because I only want to be about that's why I tell you advice you need acknowledge your colleagues knowledge people what do I do I make sure you know I make sure people know who you are 
[1:45:20] thank you sir is there a motion to enter into executive session for purposes of real estate and litigation and personel Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. Um, is there a motion? Thank you, Council Member Carney. Is there a second? Second. Thank you, Council Member Arnold. Any discussion? Hearing none, we'll move to a vote. All those in favor? That is unanimous.